9: A group of zebras grazing in the grass.
9: a number of people standing around a large group of luggage bags
9: A yellow commuter train traveling past some houses.
9: An old fashioned oxitue worth old cars on street of town
9: Two men are in a building with brick walls.
9: A woman baking a pizza pie in the kitchen
9: A couple of men standing on a field playing baseball.
9: A red toothbrush next to a bottle of Crest toothpaste.
9: LOOKS LIKE A PERSON DROPPING THERE TENNIS RACK
9: Three people are walking down the road with three horses.
9: A horse grazing on top of a lush green forest.
9: Looking out a home window with power lines nearby with trees in the foreground.
9: Looking up at the tail fin and back wings of an airplane in the sun
9: A woman eats a slice of cheese pizza.
9: A colorful umbrella falling from a tall building.
9: Group of people standing near or riding a very small train engine. 
9: A green train parked, sitting in the snow
9: A red fire hydrant is set up in a grassy clearing.
9: Two people are crossing the street holding umbrellas.
9: Someone smiling while skiing in their skis at a ski slope. 
9: MAN WORKING ON A MOTORCYCLE IN A GARAGE
9: A vintage red truck parked in a parking lot under a blue sky.
9: A Japan Airlines plane sits parked at an airport.
9: A young woman poses comically with a piece of pizza in her mouth.
9: A black bear in a tree at a zoo setting.
9: Two guys are on a boat, with one's crack being exposed. 
9: This photograph appears to be looking truly wonderful. 

9: Two different pictures of a giraffe at the zoo.
9: A bus that sign reads "Crosstown". It is a metro bus.
9: A woman stands next to the ocean on a beach.
9: A banana tree filled with lots of unripe bananas.
9: A red fire hydrant with weeds around it next to a cement ball.
9: A single giraffe standing in the middle of tall grass
9: the men play soccer on the beach with no shoes
9: Computer animated people in a computer animated park.
9: The tennis player looks serious as she is about to start her serve. 
9: Two red busses are traversing next to a tall brick building.
9: a person surfing on a surf board in the ocean
9: A little girl in a sunhat is standing near other people.
9: boats sitting around the side of a lake by a tree
9: A black man is sitting on the sidewalk next to a television.
9: a woman in a pink hat is on a phone
9: Zoo scene of children at zoo near giraffes, attempting to pet or feed them.  
9: A large bus and other vehicles on a busy street.
9: A person with their mouth open holding a hot dog.
9: A dog with a tie and shirt colar sitting in a bed.
9: A apartment building with all glass windows around it .
9: A man rides an elephant on the road.
9: A person rides a bike on the road.
9: The polar bear is looking at his latest treat. 
9: A bicycle parked by a wall plastered with Asian posters.
9: A mirror that is slightly fogged and a sink. 
9: A bus with lots of graphics on the side and the windows.
9: A clean and modern living room has its blinds open.
9: A couple of little girls standing inside of a ski shop.
9: a dog laying on the ground by a woman reading a book
9: a person on a snow board flying in the air down the snow
9: a person riding a surf board on a wave
9: A cat sitting on a chair with its arm hanging down the back of it.
9: a red bricked building with a green door and graffiti
9: A man holds a tennis racket on a tennis court.
9: A man talks on his cell phone while he surfs his computer 
9: A red flat bed truck stopped at a busy intersection.
9: An elephant is standing outside in the dirt.
9: We are looking at a small fenced patio area.
9: a zebra and a rhino are on some orange dirt
9: The skier is posing in front of the trees.
9: A large grey suitcase is places near a tan sofa.
9: A barge is in the middle of a bay. 
9: Shirtless man on a tennis court swinging his racket. 
9: A large crowd of people who are holding umbrellas.
9: A zebra with his head down s walking away on top of a grassy field.
9: A children's room with toy food on little plates
9: two black cats standing one taking water from a bath tub
9: A woman watching a giant TV in the dark.
9: Customers purchasing produce in an open farmer's market.
9: This is an image of a room with a bed table and bookcase,
9: A man in stadium style seats is using a cell phone.
9: A man and woman with their arms around each other at a tennis court.
9: A delicious fruit plate in a silver bowl. The fruit includes an apple, two apricots, red and green grapes, a banana, and a peach.
9: A bus rounds a corner on a city street.
9: A cool guy on skiis does a trick down a hil
9: The bike is parked next to the empty bench. 
9: a brown and black cat is sitting on a pillow
9: A group of women are crowded in a kitchen.
9: A large clock tower sits in front of a body of water.
9: A baseball player pitching  a ball on top of a pitchers mound.
9: Three dairy cows in a grassy paddocks fenced by bushes.
9: A cat lying inside a sink with a hair brush, sanitizer and toothpaste on top
9: a man is standing on a court with a tennis racket
9: two very big elephants walking in the wild 
9: A man working in a room with a bunch of laptops. 
9: A woman serving a tennis ball in a public match.
9: a keyboard that has some lego men on  it
9: A stop light tells motorists to go across the intersection
9: a surfer in a wet suit is riding a white and black board
9: Two apple products with two people lounging behind them.
9: The interior of a kitchen with cookware hanging above a counter.
9: Two people flying a kite at the beach
9: The surfing board is on the sand on the beach
9: A dog sits in the driver's seat of a parked car.
9: A hotel room with a bedroom, sofa chair, and television set.
9: Several different electronic products that are turned on.
9: A sign on a pole and on a building in another language. 
9: A man is at a podium and giving a speech.
9: A zombie apocalypse is happening on the street.
9: different sized and shaped donuts sitting in a box
9: A beautiful flower arrangement on a dining table surrounded by candles and glasses.
9: Two pizzas sitting inside an oven with the light on. 
9: a doughnut shop with a different variety of flavors
9: A bathroom scene with focus on the toilet.
9: A stop sign and one way sign are in front of a large building
9: A baseball player taking a swing at a baseball
9: A baseball player waiting at the plate for a pitch.
9: An assortment of bright blue glass dishes and bottles.
9: A sink with a metal rack and mugs on it. 
9: The group of friends is enjoyingplaying the video games.
9: There is a large dining hall with a large window.
9: A tennis player eyes the ball and prepares to hit it. 
9: A man and a dog are in the ocean sharing a ride on a surfboard.
9: A man has his umbrella folded up while the rest of the people have theirs open. 
9: A tennis player getting ready to serve the ball.
9: A small yellow bird sitting on a tree branch . 
9: The LG cell phone shows a date of January 27, 2010.
9: An older woman sitting on a drift log at a beach.
9: A living room with a cat, television, coffee table, and couch.
9: A view of several billboards and two traffic signs on one pole. 
9: A view of a toilet from the adjoining room.
9: an image of a bike parked next to a bench

9: A road is lined with buildings and has cars on it.
9: A large red tugboat navigating shallow channel waters.
9: a couple of elephants are in a pin
9: A baseball player waiting for the pitch at home plate.
9: A dog that is wearing a tee shirt.
9: a cat is beneath a small clock with closed eyes
9: Up close head shot of man in a shirt and tie
9: A motorcyclist sits on the ground next to his motorcycle in the middle of a road in a wooded area.
9: A man standing next to a shelf filled with potted plants.
9: A green tinted bathroom consisting of a toilet and sink
9: A china jug full of fresh flowers on a window sill
9: The bench's maximum weight capacity may be strained.
9: A bearded man holding a sign near a railing.
9: The view of an airport runway from a distance.
9: Two men walking down a sidewalk past a vacant building.
9: A close up of chicken in between a hamburger bun.
9: a herd of sheep in a field below a rocky mountain 
9: Sheets of paper on a bed with ragged sheets.
9: A rundown bathroom is being stripped and remodeled.
9: The snowboarder is posing for a picture on the mountain. 
9: A hot dog pastry and a pile of vegtables ont he side
9: A hallway with a small view of a bathroom toilet.
9: A portrait of a small bird perched on a tree 
9: A couple of people sitting next to each other on a bench.
9: A woman is riding a raft as an audience watches on the dock.
9: A person flying two alien kites in the air
9: A man attempting to put a rug across an elephant.
9: A kitchen with a stove, oven and a sink.
9: A girl holding two skis, one on each hand.
9: A boy doing a jumping trick on a skateboard over a set of concrete stairs.
9: Two pots sit atop an old school oven.
9: A tennis player pumps her fist at a match.
9: A skateboard is skating down the sidewalk on his skate board. 
9: This is a road sign for La Brea Ave 
9: A black and white photo of a union station with a clock.
9: A giraffe looking to its right in a zoo pin.
9: Street signs featuring a type of Asian script.
9: A small toilet in a narrow bathroom with gray walls.
9: Holiday decorations are hanging from the ceiling of a cluttered living room.
9: a CGI photo of a animal sitting on some vegetables 
9: Miniature train with an "engineer" and tourist passengers.
9: A man and woman playfully hugging near group of others
9: A blue umbrella sits next to a wheat field.
9: Three giraffes looking over a wooden fence at two women.
9: A couple of plates topped with food on a table.
9: there are many stuffed animals that are eating together
9: The man is taking a photo of himself in a public restroom. 
9: a cat that is sitting on top of a rock wall
9: a baby elephant walking in front of his mama
9: Young skateboarder riding the rail at a park. 
9: A white toilet and a shower in a room.
9: little kids sitting around a table that has a birthday cake on it
9: Small boy in red uniform swinging at a baseball on a field. 
9: Man in black blazer pouring wine in glasses.
9: A crooked one way sign pointing into the ground
9: A Skiier in mid air performing a trick for others
9: A pool with several visitors sitting beside it.
9: there are four woman talking at a tennis game
9: Two different kinds of glazed donuts sitting on a white plate. 
9: Two dogs that are playing with frisbees out in the snow.
9: A haw sits perched on top of a bench in the woods
9: Three wine glasses and a glass bowl are on the top of the refrigerator.
9: a person in the park playing with a blue kite in thesky
9: A few people working with colored fabrics in different ways.
9: A kitchen with multiple cups of different colors such as blue, white, and red.
9: Two zebras share a tender moment as an ostrich hides his head in the background. 
9: A laptop and an external monitor and keyboard are sitting on a table with various other electronic devices.
9: A large bratwurst in a bun wrapped in tin foil.
9: A person holding a tennis racket on a tennis court.
9: A man is riding a horse with two behind.
9: A small bird sits on a corn plant.
9: A woman sitting in a restaurant with Mexican food on her plate 
9: a train going down a track while people are standing at a train platform
9: A bus driving into parking garage, with a do not enter sign in front of it.
9: A waitress and restaurant owner showing off a pizza in front of a mural of Venice.
9: Competitor with  referee looking on green tennis court.
9: A cat in a box stares off into the abyss.
9: A shot of Big Ben during daytime with the caption "London".
9: A castle is shown on the water next to a bridge.
9: A man looking at the camera, with a mustache, wearing a hat.
9: Tennis player swinging at tennis ball coming towards him
9: A person holding up an umbrella on a raining day.
9: Three desktop screens that are on a table.
9: A clock with a horse painting below and two cat pictures on the sides.
9: An empty industrial fridge that would hold cold drinks.
9: A woman eating a sandwich near a campfire.
9: some people riding motorcycles cars a street and trees
9: A fancy restroom with two toilets and two sinks.
9: a train going down the tracks full speed.
9: A soccer goalie holding a soccer ball with his hand.
9: A city street with residences and cars parked near them.
9: Elephants in a zoo close to buildings 
9: Christmas lights strung from the clock tower next to a tall tree.
9: A Design College logo beneath scissors and a chain. 
9: A group of lawn chairs sitting on top of a beach.
9: The hut is sparse, containing a cot and a few pillows.
9: A fridge stands in the corner of a room. 
9: A white volkswagon has a surfboard on top.
9: Several zebras are grazing an area inside a fence.
9: There is a woman eating a slice of pizza.
9: This is a close up image of a cheesecake.
9: A boy hangs up paper kites on a string. 
9: a banana holder a clock and some bananas
9: A man is riding a motorcycle on one wheel.
9: A table holds different pastries under glass lids.
9: This is a photo of someone standing on your skating board.
9: a bumpy green plant that someone is holding in a shop 
9: A man brushing his teeth showing off his brand of toothpaste.
9: Soccer goalie keeps a flying ball out of the goal.
9: A giraffe at the zoo standing near a fence and a tree.
9: A white plate topped with a pastry dessert and a knife and fork.
9: A group of nice boats docked at a marina near a city.
9: a black dog is resting on a brown cushion
9: Two side-by-side photos of different living room settings.
9: Large group of motorcycles parked next to each other in a city. 
9: A group of people celebrate with champagne around a table with liquor bottles.
9: The kitchen has all of the latest appliances.
9: The police officers are standing on the side of the road.
9: A woman buying something from a food cart on a sidewalk.
9: A pair of red scissors sitting on top of a paper.
9: A bathroom with a toilet next to a white tub.
9: A bus parks behind a cone in a large building. 
9: a grey striped cat sitting on top of a toilet
9: A statue of a man sitting on a horse is siting on top of a rock.
9: THERE IS A VEGAN PIZZA ON THE TABLE 
9: Several pizza sitting together on a platter waiting to be served.
9: A group of chairs around a table and laptop in a garden
9: A man in a striped shirt sits next to a little girl in a booth as a pizza sits in front of them.
9: two women standing underneath a black umbrella outside
9: A plate has a sandwich, broccoli, and a pickle. 
9: A stop sign next to a warehouse barn
9: A gag of the camera person of someone climbing there way out of the toilet.
9: a train that is on a rail road track by some trees
9: A man in a crouched position on a skateboard.
9: A person sitting on a table while using a cellphone.
9:  a person standing on a surfboard while riding a wave.
9: A doughnut sits on a napkin, with red frosting and one missing bite.
9: A tall church tower has a clock on it.
9: a table with different monitors on it and keyboards
9: White vase holding holding an assortment of flowers 
9: A three wheeler and a motorcycle stopping at at stop sign.
9: A bathroom that features a bright tile wall and big mirrors
9: Motorcycles outside standing up beside each other. 
9: a person jumping a skate board in the air 
9: A young girl smiles as she holds a piece of luggage.
9: A round windowoutside of a building with a statue of a man's head on top of it.
9: Career highlight information about Robert Clemente at a baseball field during a baseball game.
9: A woman holds an umbrella while holding open the trunk of a car. 
9: Men playing baseball in a park by their homes
9: A cat sits on the inside of a suitcase.
9: A group of people wearing pink shirts preparing to play tennis.
9: a bus parked in front of a building 
9: A blurry photo of a toilet seat in a bathroom.
9: Tall stone clock tower near large ferris wheel.
9: A yellow cat sleeping on the hood of a black car parked in the garage.
9: A large dump truck surrounded by a fence.
9: A man attempts a trick after riding off of a low ramp.
9: A window in a house sitting over a counter top.
9: Woman expressing joy at outdoor bench near populated area.
9: The street sign is next to a curved road.
9: A group of people gather at a picnic table beneath a tree.
9: The large aircraft is on the tarmac next to the vehicles.
9: A man in a wetsuit carries a surfboard on the beach.
9: Adult in yellow shirt flying kite in large open grassy field.
9: people riding motorcycles on a city  with people on the side walk
9: THIS IS A BOAT THAT IS ON THE WATERS EDGE
9: A young man standing in front of a bus, is petting the baby steer. 
9: A boy holding a racquet in his hands at the beach.
9: The back of a warehouse showing various signs on its fence.
9: An office meeting room with projection on screen, and tables, with man sitting, and a laptop, bottles and glasses.
9: a kid holding a racket ready to kick the ball
9: two little birds sitting on top of a wedding cake 

9: A restaurant is sparsely populate with no one at the bar
9: White cat eating out fom her bowl near a white wall.
9: A child surfs a wave in the ocean.
9: A cubicle with both a Mac computer and a Windows based computer
9: A man eating a doughnut while sitting down
9: A town square that has a skateboarding ramp that a boy is using.
9: a little kid is wearing a pair of skies
9: A medium-sized boat cruising away from a harbor.
9: A man who is holding a comb and something white in his hands.
9: a woman walking down a crosswalk next to woman riding a skateboard
9: a scale model of a boat passing by a drawbridge
9: A painting of a man sitting at a computer in his library.
9: People are walking down the street near several businesses.
9: One zebra is resting his head on another zebra's back.
9: We are looking into the center of a large green leafy plant.
9: A dog on a leash standing at a doorway.
9: Two elephants from side standing one in front of another in an outdoor natural enclosure with rocks, dirt and trees, and a group of people looking at them in the distance from other side of a wall.
9: A group of women sitting on top of a bench.
9: A young man performing a skate board trick on concrete block.
9: A skateboarder in a red jacket grinding on a piece of concrete.
9: A man on a field throwing a baseball.
9: A man standing in the snow beside his skis
9: Man on small motorcycle riding along street at sunset
9: A woman and a man are playing the nintendo wii video game system
9: A group of people standing in front of a food truck.
9: A statue of a person holding a bat in a chain link enclosure.
9: Three skiers prepare for a simple downhill run.
9: A nice blue laptop on a messy table
9: A baseball player gets ready to hit a ball
9: aerial view of suitcases grouped together waiting on a sidewalk
9: A large crowd is gathered closely with baggage.
9: A woman is taking a picture of herself in front of a computer.
9: A dog is sitting in a cushioned car seat buckled in.
9: A ticket booth with a clock tower and a newspaper dispenser.
9: A young man is trying outfits on a mannequin. 
9: A cat is laying on a carpet next to a pair of shoes.
9: A female tennis player getting ready to serve the tennis ball.
9: A man sits on a couch, in an area crammed with furniture, where two rooms meet, watching a little girl jumping in a larger part of one of the rooms that is basically empty, save for a carpet. 
9: Two people dressed up entertain a little girl.
9: The parking meters are lined up down the street.
9: a man flying a small plane in the  clear weather 
9: a couple of cows are standing together outside
9: A man is outside grilling some hot dogs.
9: three women wearing dresses riding horses with a sky background
9: a plate filled with a sub sandwich and some fries
9: A young couple in formal evening attire toasts the crowd.
9: A breakfast plate with ham and cheese on toast 
9: Young man skate boarding down a back street.
9: a man and a woman are cutting into a cake
9: a small child playing with a skate board.
9: Wooden fishing boats up on blocks in a yard by the ocean
9: A man is hitting a baseball with a baseball bat.
9: an image of a man on his bike talking on a cell
9: A truck is shown decaying among flowers without a window.
9: A cake, some liqueur, and some candles are on the kitchen counter.
9: A cat that is sitting underneath an umbrella.
9: A town square with several tall clock towers.
9: A skateboarder with his foot on his board that is laying on its side.
9: A young elephant is facing the bars of its zoo cage.
9: A young boy standing over a bed next to a dog.
9: a brown and white horse is eating some hay
9: A construction truck is parked on the road.
9: A man sitting in front of a computer desk in front of a keyboard.
9: A batter swings the bat as the crowd watches attentively.
9: A nearly empty modern style kitchen with wooden cabinets.
9: A car with doors open sitting in front of  a group of motorcycles.
9: Three giraffes standing in some tall grass with trees.
9: A blue truck that is sitting in the street.
9: A male sitting on top of an ATV with a motorbike on top.
9: The broccoli is being cooked with ham and carrots.
9: White and red biplane flying through the air. 
9: an image of a clock sitting in the middle of the street
9: A toilet sits between a sink and a bathtub in a bathroom.
9: A happy couple after dinner at a restaurant.
9: A frog is sitting on the two parking meters.
9: A young man holding a baseball bat at home plate, the ball passing him.
9: A sleepy black and white cat laying on a blanket.
9: A cat is laying on the lap of a man playing video games.
9: A young man escorting an elephant down a city street.
9: Captive parakeets are trapped together inside of a white cage, waiting to be sold.
9: A black and white photograph of a clock tower showing two clock faces on 2 of the sides of the building.
9: A long brown passenger cart of a train.
9: A woman smiling for a picture, with a eagle above her.
9: A young precocious girl clutching her teddy bear.
9: A blue train is going on the tracks by an old building.
9: Two small baseball players each have on helmets. 
9: a small kitten lays down underneath a bike 
9: The backside of a dog sitting on a chair.
9: The traffic lights on the street are red.
9: a family sits at a table to enjoy a meal
9: The person uses a camera to take a picture of the small bathroom.
9: A stadium of people watching a professional baseball game. 
9: A man in suit and tie is wearing sunglasses.
9: A brown horse eating hay from the ground.
9: three airplanes that are landed near a large city 
9: A women and a man standing up looking the same direction . 
9: The train has it's headlights on and is ready to leave the station.
9: a woman looking a pizza with assorted toppings 
9: People are walking along the sidewalk next to a river.
9: A bowl of soup, a pickle, and a sandwich are on a plate. 
9: A man is petting a dog while in the street with other cyclists
9: A woman in a kitchen with wood cabinets and drawers
9: Two men on old architecture pull out umbrella and securing their belongings.
9: A woman and man are riding a horse-pulled carriage.
9: A fluffy pastry item is in a napkin.
9: The duck is swimming in the glassy water.
9: Street sign with a message signed at the bottom of it. 
9: A plate with a small salad and sandwich on a table 
9: Two buses are traveling on a busy street.
9: A purple train traveling down tracks near a platform.
9: Those elephants seem to be roaming in the wild.
9: A picture hangs over a large couch covered with pillows. 
9: A den with chairs, table, lamp and television.
9: A clock hanging outside in front of a property.
9: Two cats who are laying on a bed.
9: Group of people standing in a field flying different colored kites. 
9: A woman cuts a cake while other people watch.
9: A woman in a kitchen holding a carton.
9: Little girl sitting on the couch playing the Wii
9: a counter with a toaster over and an open laptop sitting on it.
9: Street signs for the intersection of Library Way and Fifth Avenue.
9: Two bulls standing in middle of street with laundry hanging off wall above them
9: Three people are out on the sand and one child is holding a kite while the other young one is running and a man is holding the kite string.
9: A woman with a smart phone in her pocket.
9: A poster is using a sandwich as an example of an "s" word.
9: a pair of scissors sit next to other tools 
9: Two stuffed bears have shirts on their heads. 
9: A husky stands by as a skier stands there.
9: A blue and white training passing houses while emitting smoke.
9: A few men playing frisbee on a sandy court.
9: A young couple in a small kitchen washing dishes.
9: a kitchen with a countertop and talbe with open cabinets
9: A photo of the pier with birds flying above.
9: A large port building with a clock tower in it.
9: People pet an elephant at an outdoor zoo exhibit.
9: an image of a kitchen setting with formica counter
9: A large cheese pizza on a white plate
9: a close up of a cat laying on a laptop
9: A young skater is boarding inside of an empty pool.
9: A person sitting in the snow with a snowboard on.
9: A slice of cake and a fork by sliced orange and a Guinness 
9: An room that has been broken into smaller work areas by a divider.
9: A trio of elephants are in a row with a baby elephant in the center.
9: Train yards are usually not very attractive places.
9: A herd of zebras walking through a prairie. 
9: A man in a blue cap is pointing on a street corner.
9: The people are riding horses threw the wooded area. 
9: A large white building with a big clock tower at one corner.
9: Cat looks at donut with words "donut want" along bottom
9: A group of people flying kites on top of a sandy beach.
9: A crowd of people walking along a snow covered mountain side.
9: Man and woman sitting on a bench near a body of water.
9: A black train passes under a small bridge.
9: A woman standing by the stove with a baby in a bouncer seat.
9: Three airplanes on display with a safety fence.
9: A group of people on a street next to orange and white umbrellas.
9:  A woman stands with one arm in the air as she holds a tennis racquet in the other hand. 
9: A motorcycle parked outside the doors of a building 
9: a long yellow train that is on a train track
9: A man and woman are on brown sand by the ocean.
9: A group of motorcycles and people are parked out on the street in front of a pizza restaurant.
9: A big furry black and white cat is sitting on top of a leather suitcase.
9: A highway filled with large trucks driving down it.
9: A clean white toilet that has its lid open.
9: A number of suitcases ride on a luggage conveyor belt.
9: A man in a top hat and suit standing in front of an old truck talking on his cell phone.
9: Kids surfing the waves on their surf boards
9: A black dog laying in bed with a shoe next to it's arm.
9: A large mirror mounted to the wall of  a living room.
9: A man surfing on a surfboard in the ocean.
9: a sheep next to a tall wall outside
9: An old train is pulled up by a platform.
9: A kitchen counter that has various objects on it.
9: A meal of pizza and wine set on a table.
9: A vase filled with red and pink flowers.
9: An elephant that is standing next to some water.
9: a couple of people carrying surf boar walk on a beach 
9: The room has two small beds, two lamps, a large window and a painting.
9: Two men are standing around with a frisbee.
9: A cat curled up in a shelter made of printer boxes.
9: A green bus parked on the side of a road.
9: The riders meander down the beach on their horses.
9: Pair of giraffes walking an a sandy park enclosure.
9: A roof and window view has an attached clock.
9: A YOUNG BOY IN HIS BASEBALL UNIFORM HOLDING A BAT.
9: Multiple pumpkins and a skeleton on the wall.
9: A pedestrian holding an umbrella walks down Chapel Street.
9: A double decker passenger bus with advertising for a technology product.
9: there are two urinals in a public bathroom 
9: This is a picture of street lights at night.
9: an image of a pack of shirts in a pile
9: A stop sign stands at an intersection of two streets.
9: A person slices a pizza fresh out of the oven.
9: A carrot is sitting on a blue cutting board.
9: Woman with umbrella on a rainy day, near a broken, abandoned umbrella.
9: A pizza with cherry tomatoes has a piece taken out.
9: A woman with dread locks in a kitchen beside a wall of knives and scissors. 
9: The large dog is wearing a human's cap on it's head.
9: A large group of people are gatherer together on a street.
9: A street corner with traffic lights and cars.
9: A school bus is in the view of a side mirror on a vehicle. 
9: A person is skiing down a snow covered hill.
9: A guy wearing a white turban and holding a cross is on a cell phone.
9: Two people are filming at a corner of a street.
9: a man playing with a frisbee next to a trash can
9: Commercial train on tracks near platform in industrial area.
9: A person on a surfboard on the water.
9: Three people riding horses on the beach right up to the water.
9: A few giraffes are standing on dirt by some trees.
9: An elephant that is walking in an enclosure. 
9: A bus is parked on the corner of a street.
9: A woman is balancing a frisbee on her head.
9: A woman wearing a white hat and sunglasses points to a banana tree.
9: A man wrinkles his face as he brushes his teeth.
9: An elephant touching a woman on the head with its trunk.
9: The fruit is floating along in the water.
9: A golden retriever dog sitting on a window sill. 
9: A swarthy man plays Nintendo Wii with his shirt open.
9: A gray teddy bear cake on top of a wooden bench.
9: Black curly haired dog chasing yellow flying disc in grass yard.
9: A shelf with three rows of green bananas.
9: An art display shows multicolored chests of different varieties stacked on top of each other.  
9: A homemade cake is decorated with a smiley face. 
9: a close up of many plates of food on a table with pizza and salad
9: A zebra standing over a puddle in an enclosure.
9: a man wearing a tie sitting next to other people
9: A desk full of random assorted electronic devices. 
9: Herd of cows in a fence with the backdrop of a train going down a train track.
9: Guy sitting in a chair with a tie and name tag on.
9: a man that is holding some kind of surfboard
9: A bobble head bride and groom set are in the middle of the donut stand.
9: A flip phone sitting next to a laptop computer.
9: Two people are standing under a large umbrella at night with a dog in the foreground.
9: A white toilet sitting next to a bath tub.
9: A batter dodges a bad pitch in an attempt to save his life.
9: Gourmet food on a picnic table with drinks
9: Two lemon slices garnish a food topping of tomatoes and diced meat mixed with a white sauce and spread over crusty bread.  
9: A desk with a laptop and computer on it and a dog laying under it. 
9: A tall building with a clock embedded at the top.
9: A train traveling down track next to a lush green forest.
9: A pictures mounted to a call next to tennis racquets.
9: A brown bear peeking through the trees next to a watering hole.
9: A man talking on a cell phone while sitting down.
9: A kite flown above a body of water with many spectators
9: An aerial view of a toilet and a tub with sliding shower doors.
9: a dog jumping up to catch a frisbee in the air 
9: A person with an umbrella leaving a taxi cab.
9: A vintage wood stove used for cooking or baking.
9: Many people are busy together in a messy kitchen.
9: five men in a large room with two getting their picture taken
9: The city streets are wet from a snow storm.
9: A horse that has a mask on its face standing in the grass.
9: A group of people eat food while sitting on the floor.
9: A box containing an interesting variety of donuts.
9: A cat sitting on a window sill near a basket.
9: a man standing wearing a suit and tie 
9: A fruit stand at a large, crowded market.
9: Someone on a bike rides pass a a dual street light and a fire hydrant
9: A white hospital bed sitting up against a wall in a hallway.
9: Two trains are passing each other through a tunnel.
9: A man holding a tennis racket on a tennis court.
9: A bull with very large horns and a calf.
9: A girl sits on a futon holding a game controller while a man sits on another chair side her.
9: This kitchen has wooden cabinets and silver and black appliances
9: A group of bicyclists speeding down a city street.
9: A contemporary light-rail train seen from the front is stopped in a station.
9: A leafy green vegetable atop dough on a bread board.
9: A man sitting on top of a tale next to a  bottle of catnip.
9: An adult and children flying a kite in the sky
9: A spacious kitchen has red walls, white countertops, and a large stove. 
9: An orange cat hiding on the wheel of a red car.
9: An open market has a large variety of vegetables.
9: A train riding on a track next to a platform. 
9: A large white and red city bus stopping at a park.
9: a green bus with peoples belongings on top
9: A person extending a racquet toward a ball.
9: A group of kids on a court playing basketball.
9: There is a youth soccer game on the field.
9: A woman takes a picture of a baby in the mirror
9: A man stands with his back towards the mirror with his arm folded, while his reflection stand with outstretched arms.
9: Several you people standing on the beach holding surf boards.
9: A black cat laying on top of a key board.
9: A kitchen with a standard stove top and wooden cabinets
9: a kitchen with a bunch of appliances inside of it 
9: some brown and black horses some water grass bushes and trees
9: a cow under the shade of a near by tree
9: A rundown park bench sitting next to a bush in the park.
9: a city bus rides down a street in front of some buildings 
9: A red double decker bus parked in a garage.
9: A group of birds flying over the water
9: A group of three people riding skis down a snow covered slope.
9: Several different cars on a busy street in the city.
9: A woman in a tiara cutting a birthday cake at a party
9: A MAN IS PLAYING AN ELECTRONIC INSTRUMENT USING SHEET MUSIC
9: The outside of a red building on a street corner.
9: A blue cake with gold stars being sliced and served.
9: A tall stack of vintage suitcases rests precariously against a wall by a bedroom door. 
9: Three giraffes reaching for leaves on a tall tree.
9: A hotel room bathroom with granite vanity and tub/shower.
9: A young man laying on the ground next to a skateboard.
9: Man sitting with luggage on a cart in an airport.
9: Sailboats in a marina under a full moon
9: A skateboarder is performing a trick inside a parking garage.
9: small dog catches a red Frisbee in the sun 
9: A clock on a busy street in a large city.
9: there are two phones and a watch on the table
9: Three young men in a classroom holding video game remotes.
9: Four dogs are following a man into a store.
9: Red and white stop sign stating don't stop drinking.
9: A plane flying through the sky containing many clouds
9: A young boy catches a baseball while other players watch.
9: a single train car pulled into an outside train station 
9: a soccer player in the process of kicking the ball
9: A black and white cat laying on a  catchers mitt.
9: A man takes a slice of pizza from its plate.
9: two people on a tennis court playing a game 
9: a brown cat staring outside with blue eyes
9: A man looking at motorcycle in a parking lot
9: Large crowd filled street watching a motorcycle parade pass.
9: An elephant walks with his trainer through a busy intersection in a busy city.
9: A full size bed with mosquito netting above, all in neutral colors.
9: A dog sits in the back of a car.
9: A cat tilts it's head to get a better view of a laptop computer.
9: A teenager riding it's skateboard on a ramp.
9: A man laying down on what appears to be bunk beds in a small room.
9: A man in black coat standing under umbrella next to a building.
9: Lizard shaped balloons in the air over a crowd of people in the park.
9: A man and a woman are embracing each other.
9: A group of people standing and sitting, holding candles.
9: Lady walking down rainy street with umbrella approaching a Levi's Store.
9: A man and woman sitting in grass with tools.
9: Two horses are carrying a cart with two men and a woman in it. 
9: A man riding a motorcycle with a woman on back of it.
9: Three giraffes eating in a heavily shrubbed area.
9: A toddler holding a cell phone stands on a rug.
9: A table with many scissors that have handles of assorted colors 
9: A half of a pizza with pepperonis next to a coffee cup.
9: A black and white portrait of a male.
9: A decadent piece of cake that waits to be finished by its owner.
9: children at a little boys birthday party sitting in front of the cake
9: A pro skier moves through the snow laboriously.
9: a well made meal on  white plate put on a table
9: a red table that has some teddy bears on it
9: A man putting a turkey into the oven.
9: Yellow fire hydrant covered with plants outside of home
9: A dry erase board is above two computers.
9: a clock on a pole on a city street
9: two black and white cows on a green hill
9: An intersection with traffic signals and several street signs.
9: A woman and a child sit on the floor and interact with a laptop placed in front of them.
9: a little black bird with a big colorful beak sitting on a branch 
9: An airplane parked on a runway near a fence.
9: A person jumping midair on a snowboard while a person photographs.
9: Children and a lady are looking at a lit birthday cake.
9: An orange and white cat sleeping in a flower po0t
9: A dog that is sitting on the top of a couch.
9: An empty city roadway is lit with street lights and traffic signals.
9: A piece of cake is half eaten on a plate.
9: A cat lays down in a big oversized chair in the living room. 
9: The zebras are by the water with the other animals. 
9: A man who is riding a horse and herding cattle.
9: A store display of doughnuts and other pastries is pictured.
9: a Skateboarder weaving in and out of cones
9: A man in a suit taking a picture of himself with a phone
9: A man standing in a kitchen without wearing a shirt.
9: A young girl stands with two older women by a stove.
9: A brick structure with a clock on top 
9: A touch football player is being persued by an opponent.
9: A group stands under an old buildings balcony.
9: A tennis player hitting the ball with the racket.
9: a hot dog with ketchup and mustard and a drink
9: a woman in a black dress is looking at a laptop
9: A herd of brown cows is on a grassy hill.
9: The ocean is waiting for the eager surfer.
9: A wooden light pole supports an 11th Street sign.
9: Brown and white cows lined up against a barbed wire fence.
9: The baby boy is transfixed by the images on the home  laptop computer.
9: a bunch of people surfing on the waves with parachutes
9: Two urinals stand against the wall with a divider between them. 
9: this is a group of birds sitting on a bench
9: People are petting a horse that has a cop riding it.
9: a cute little eating food with her hands
9: An inside out umbrella sculpture on a city street.
9: Three open lunchboxes containing a variety of colorful food.
9: Tourists standing in the rain with colorful umbrellas, looking towards a wall in an older architectural style.
9: A woman is taking a picture in the bathroom.
9: A motorcycle rider leans into the turn at a sharp angle.
9: A large gold clock on the side of a tan building.
9: A man holds onto a Frisbee during a game on a field. 
9: Three friends are posed on the ski slope.
9: A home office of someone making lots of CDs
9: A man in a blue shirt shaving his face.
9: A train sits stationary on a track adjacent to a house. 
9: This is an image outside a pastry or bread shop.
9: A lone giraffe is standing in a wooded area.
9: a black cat is sitting by a faucet of running water in a tub
9: A number of white boats in a small harbor 
9: a couple of people that are walking next to a red bus
9: A picture of a plane in the grass.
9: A young woman brushes her teeth in a bathroom.
9: A slice has been cut from the large cake.
9: A small child hits the ball off of the tee
9: Young adult male with cap sitting at his computer desk with his dog laying beside him.
9: A stop sign in front of a short building
9: A man that is in a bowl with a skateboard.
9: A black and white photo of cows and a barn. 
9: A man eating a whole doughnut at one time. 
9: A mixture of vegetables including green beans, tomatoes, onions and more.
9: A surfer rides the crest of a big wave
9: A take out sandwich and two bottles of soda.
9: Corner shaped personal living room couch colored brown.
9: a person preparing food on a table 
9: The sheep's coat will be sheared off soon.
9: The man carries a surfboard with white and yellow stripes.
9: A man standing in a white shirt with a tie.
9: Two goats and a dog in a field.
9: A small house with a small wooden balcony. 
9: There are three horses in the grasses field. 
9: A dog is running for a frisbee in the middle of a playing field in a crowded stadium.  
9: A train crossing a bridge over a shallow river.
9: A bathroom with grey walls and a good deal of urinals.
9: A man in clown makeup next to man on cellphone.
9: A group of basket ball players jumping into the air.
9: A surfer in a wet suit surfing at a wave generating water park.
9: Several boats are anchored in a scenic harbor. 
9: Three packages of toilet paper sitting on top of a toilet seat.
9: a shoe rack with some shoes and a dog sleeping on them
9: a large clock tower with three bells up top.
9: A plate on a table with steak, bread, and broccoli.
9: A young lady holding a ski standing by a bench in a store.
9: An Indian elephant in a zoo enclosure looking out
9: A black and white photo of a ladies tennis team.
9: A surfer in the ocean that has fallen off the surfboard. 
9: A person that is riding a wave while surfing.
9: This kitchen layout appears choppy and full of "blocks".
9: A computer desk with various items around it.
9: The television is on and is showing a boy and a bull.
9: A baseball player in a red shirt is holding a bat during a game.
9: A young girl standing next to a yellow fire hydrant.
9: the bed is made with a purple and green blanket
9: A couple of people siting on a motorcycle. 
9: A nutty cake is sitting in the grass.
9: The hotel room has plenty of lighting and a television.
9: A large double decker yellow bus is shown driving.
9: a close up of a clock on a pole on a city street
9: A lot of people fly kites by the shore.
9: A man surrounded by surf boards sitting on the beach
9: A flock of flamingos stands in a zoo.
9: A tree in a building has a white sign on it.
9: A couple police offices standing next to their parked bikes
9: A dog is standing in a yard with a toy in its mouth.
9: a baseball player standing on a field holding a bat
9: A woman giving a presentation in a park.
9: A closeup of various cords and hard drives plugged into the side of a laptop.
9: People sitting around table eating and drinking cool beverage.
9: A wooden table surrounded by chairs next to a TV..
9: This is a picture of husband and wife cutting a cake. 
9: A man skates down a ramp painted with graffiti.
9: A polar bear in water near an orange ball in a cage.
9: A dozen glazed doughnuts with different patterns in a box. 
9: the seven sheep are preparing to be sheered.
9: A house cat laying on a couch beside a remote
9: a cat resting on top of a tv monitor which is hanging flush against a wall
9: A man in a black shirt leaning against a wall while looking at his cell phone.
9: several people on skis are walking single file
9: A yellow vase with two pink, purple and white flowers in it.
9: A fancy clock decorates a stone building connected to other large buildings. 
9: The wet black bear is standing on rocks in the river.
9: a cake with coconut shavings on top and eggs around it
9: Two people riding on the back of a red motorcycle and city. 
9: Two horses are frolicking as spectators take pictures.
9: A door for exiting and entering the house in the kitchen.
9: A Sharp white colored microwave on a tabletop
9: A man standing behind an elephant in a lake.
9: Two giraffes are next to a tall rock wall.
9: Two giraffes standing in an enclosed area with sand and grass.
9: Two men are outside playing with a frisbee.
9: a man on a surfboard surfing a wave
9: a little girl sits on the couch while using a laptop 
9: A pair of scissors and pliers sit on a surface.
9: Two people are riding horses down a trail.
9: A group of elephants is walking across a grassy field.
9: A man and a woman sitting together drinking a glass of wine. 
9: a plate with an onion ring, french fries and some veggies 
9: A cute little dog biting on something a person is holding.
9: A boy hitting a tennis ball with a tennis racket on a tennis court.
9: a toilet with soap suds in it 
9: Two zebras are standing next to each other.
9: A street sign, in the middle of an intersection. 
9: A person wearing a tshirt is cutting a piece of paper using scissors
9: A woman is posing on the toilet with a photo in front of her face.
9: a street  traffic light street lights and some buildings
9: A statue is displayed next to some odd street signs.
9: A person standing with a cane in grass, in front of two sheep, with a castle in the far distance, and cloudy blue sky above.
9: a brown bread on a plate well made and ready to be eaten
9: A small baby eating the back half of some pizza.
9:  A woman showing off a Groupflier Frisbee. 
9: a black cat sitting on a desk with laptop next to it
9: Several large kites are laying on the sandy beach.
9: Cows grazing in a field with trees outside.
9: a large air plane flying in the air
9: A man goes surfing in the water in the ocean. 
9: A tennis player swings the racquet during a game of tennis.  
9: The girl surfer is waiting to catch a wave.
9: A double decker bus waiting at a bus stop.
9: an alarm clock radio with an ipod, a cell phone and a book
9: Three black ducklings walk in a reed-filled pond.
9: A parade of horses with their riders fancifully dressed.
9: a couple of stuffed animals sitting on a floor 
9: Birthday cake for a friend that is ill
9: Two horses in a field of tall grass and wildflowers.
9: A very narrow street between some buildings at night.
9: A dachshund and two other dogs crowed into a dog bed.
9: A person standing in a dirt field flying a kite.
9: Horned sheep high on a mountain with the city below
9: A group of young people riding skis in the snow.
9: The person on the dirt bike is wearing a blue jump suit.
9: A pile of stamps with a pair of orange handled scissors. One stamp has a picture of President Nixon. 
9: A man standing near a yellow passenger train.
9: The skier is making her way along the path.
9: A picture of a train that is going on the tracks.
9: A surfboard, a man and a wild river ride.
9: A cat sleeping on a keyboard on a table.
9: A city street with a crooked Stop sign.
9: An elder woman is frying up some donuts in the pan.
9: A woman smiles holding kites strings as a boy holds the kite.
9: a white couch  and a mattress on the ground and some cupboards
9: A crowd of people wearing winter cloths are outside in the snow as some people carry snowboards.
9: A floor topped with a pile of luggage and a box.
9: Their underbelly of the surfboard shows that it has been used frequently.
9: A boy wearing an orange snowsuit is learning to snowboard.
9: A man and a woman walking towards a food vendor that is across the street.
9: Three boys how are standing by each other.
9: A skier going downhill while making snow plumes.
9: A MAN IS HAVING A GOOD TIME PLAYING FRISBE
9: A transit bus parked at a stop on a street side.
9: a couple skiers skiing through cones down a slope 
9: A table topped with a bowl of cereal and eating utensils.
9: A train rolling by a mountain stream and trees.
9: A hotel room with focus on the two beds.
9: A zebra standing in the grass near a tree.
9: A Scottish long haired cow standing next to a barbwire fence.
9: A couple of people sitting on a bench in the middle of a lush green field.
9: A small kitchen area has open cabinet spaces. 
9: A man falling off a surf board in the ocean.
9: A giraffe standing between two bushes on the savannah.
9: A man lays on a bed and smiles to himself.
9: There are chairs and a shelf in a living room.
9: a variety of bread at a bakery 
9: Lettuce and tomatoes on a slice of pita bread.
9: Surf boarder coming out of a big half pipe wave. 
9: A stoplight that indicates do not turn left.
9: A customer service representative helps a client make a choice.
9: Black train driving down a track under power lines.
9: Cat on hardwood floor underneath umbrella with bright lights.
9: Two men walking with bicycle on road with trees. 
9: A dog with an unenthusiastic look lying on a set of remote controllers.
9: A man in a wet suit riding a surfboard on a wave.
9: A woman with a suitcase getting off of a train.
9: His spoon was in the bowl but he dipped his pizza in the soup instead.
9: A man is flying his kite on the beach while walking his dog.
9: A street sign on a street light pole and a gray colored building with many windows behind it.
9: a formation of fighter jets flying by in the air
9: A vibrant UK city with red double decker buses riding along the street.
9: A glass of tea sits on a kitchen table next to a plate of food.
9: A skier is mid air at a ski resort.
9: A black car parked on the side of the road.
9: a bunch of bananas are hanging from the banana tree
9: A white and brown dog wearing a party hat.
9: A wooden spoon stirs vegetables cooking in a pan. 
9: a man is playing tennis on the court with a friend
9: a snow skier in a black jacket doing a trick
9: A sandwich with a side of french fries sits on a plate.
9: There are different appliances in the middle of a kitchen.
9: A bed and desks in a very small room.
9: a computer and speakers on a wood desk
9: Many different weeds grow wild out of an old toilet.
9: A group of cows standing in a field grazing.
9: A black and white cat is sitting at the top of a book shelf very close to the TV.
9: A man reading a paper on a toilet, in a bathroom.
9: a cat sitting in a pouncing position next to a brick wall
9: A woman holding a white nintendo wii controller.
9: A man in glasses wearing a sweater over a tie.
9: A display case holding three stuffed animals dressed in decorative garb.
9: Semi trucks on a parking lot with orange cones.
9: a woman blow drys a small kids hair 
9: A plate with chips, salsa and a burger, on a table with a glass of beer.
9: A tennis player hitting a ball in front of a Rolex sign.
9: Three men are sitting in a restaurant eating sandwiches.
9: Adult standing at luggage carousel in airport area.
9: a black plate with rice eggs and a hot dog and a drink
9: A clock on a brick building wall of some sort.
9: A colorful cuckoo clock displayed on the wall.
9: A man laying on a couch holding a remote.
9: Two cement trucks parked alongside one another on the pavement
9: This is a group of teens skateboarding together.
9: A young child sitting on a pile of luggage on a red cart.
9: A man cooking in an restaurant kitchen with shelves over the stove. 
9: A husky dog sits in front of his owner.
9: A girl asleep on a couch in a wood paneled room
9: A clock with two statues on the table
9: A female surfer stands on her board in the water.
9: Man wearing a grey and white suit models for the camera.
9: Sheep wearing covering in feeding area in enclosure.
9: Two women standing behind table with cupcakes, cake and a warmer
9: A black and white photo of a sidewalk with a clock on a pole.
9: a person is skiing outside in the snow
9: A baseball game with a batter at home plate and a full stadium of fans watching the game.
9: A baseball game is in action as a batter swings.
9: A laptop and a plate on a table.
9: A bunch of kids participate in a soccer game.
9: A bathtub has a circular shower curtain around it.
9: A tall building with a clock embedded at its top.
9: Young children sitting around the table eating cake.
9: A man standing in a room with a remote.
9: A man who is flushing a toilet in the bathroom.
9: A vase of flowers is sitting on a table by a couch.
9: A closeup view of a kite, with a woman holding it.
9: A storm trooper is in the sand under an umbrella.
9: A passenger jet that is flying in some clouds.
9: A laptop computer is surrounded by jars and candles.
9: A man in a religious outfit talking on a phone across from others.
9: A jet airplane is sitting on a runway.
9: A multi engine train traveling past trees on its track.
9: The vase is used to display purple flowers.
9: A group of men cutting into a celebratory cake
9: A small child holding a kite and eating a treat
9: Two orange tabby cats near a set of stone steps. 
9: Two people playing baseball and a couple of observers.
9: A man removes a broken piece from his microwave
9: A group of people gather at a table in the restaurant.
9: People are amazed at the giraffe's long black tongue.
9: A museum display featuring professional baseball jersey and bat.
9: A pizza is sitting on paper on a tray. 
9: Man in blue shirt and white visor cooking on a grill. 
9: A person eating a very large donut with two hands.
9: A cow standing in a fenced area near other cows.
9: A group of motorcycles that are on a street.
9: A little baby zebra standing under its parents chest.
9: A boy sitting on a picnic table eating, while his elders are in the background.
9: An elephant in a fenced in enclosure packed with dirt.
9: A small boy is holding a kite string in the park.
9: A woman poses with a large teddy bear.
9: Two children smiling and eating small personal pizzas.
9: A crowd of people standing under a clock ina  train station.
9: A train car with purple and grey graffiti covering windows
9: A living room and dinning room with tables, chairs and a couch. 
9: A smiling woman is using a cellphone indoors.
9: A living room with a sunny window, couch and a tv.
9: a bride and groom hold up small axes in front of a wedding cake
9: A person standing on a snowboard in winter.
9: The old red truck has been parked in the grass.
9: Two boys with skate boards are playing in a skate boarding area.
9: A cat sitting on top of a TV in front of a closet.
9: A white bus turns a corner on a city street.
9: A young man sits y a tree on a motorcycle.
9: An American Eagle branded plane is on an airport runway.
9: A bunch of horses on a street with one man in a hat.
9: The giraffe is laying down on the grass.
9: A train that is on the rails with smoke coming out of it.
9: There is a baby boy standing in a  crib
9: A home bathroom with a window right by the toilet
9: a man gets ready to catch a frisbe at a park
9: A white cat inside of a black bag by a hamper.
9: A lone baseball player is running in from the outfield.
9: A gold clock on a post in a station
9: A parted out train includes colorful tagging and resting at a wide open lot.
9: A view from a porch of a grassy area with monuments in it.
9: A large airplane and some trucks in a lot.
9: A baby elephant is walking behind her mother. 
9: A police office riding a police bike in a city area.
9: A couple of white ranges, sitting alongside the wall.
9: A public bathroom has brick unfinished walls and plumbing.
9: A table with chairs and a fireplace in a house.
9: a close up of a traffic light with a building in the background
9: A person sitting along a wall near a fire hydrant.
9: A woman and her dog walking across the street at night.
9: a blate of food at a dinner table on a plate
9: A plaid suitcase with a rainbow ribbon around it
9: A white bathroom with a large, circular sink 
9: A child is holding a remote control in her hand.
9: A subway train parked next to another one at a station.
9: eight poses of the same guy as he does his tricks
9: A young child is sitting on top of the kitchen counter.
9: A square on the road where a clock is erected in the center.
9: Skateboarder in the process of taking a jump towards a concrete landing. 
9: A city street has a fire hydrant, trash bin, and parked vehicles.
9: A man smiles and looks at a pizza. 
9: A young fellow rides his skateboard on a dreary day.
9: A giraffe standing next to a pile of rocks and a tree.
9: A man in a black shirt standing over a person in jeans.
9: Someone holding their camera above the crowd in order to take a picture
9: A herd of cattle walking across a dirt field.
9: A woman is sitting near a prominent landmark.
9: a black brown and white dog with a red collar
9: A man is doing a skateboard trick at various stages.
9: A meal of dessert and beer is sitting on a table.
9: Box full of food with lots of vegetables and fruit.
9: Several desserts sitting behind a glass window with display cards in front of them.
9: A boy is swinging his bat at the ball in a baseball game.
9: A slice of pizza with a swirl of sauce on top.
9: a person holding up a child with a cake 
9: A man in a suit with his finger in his ear.
9: Shelves in a dorm room, with knickknacks such as a photograph, a lamp, and a lucky cat figurine.
9: The motorcycle is parked on the side of the paved road. 
9: The young children are lying in the bed.
9: A small propeller airplane sitting on top of a tarmac.
9: A train riding past trees in the forest.
9: A view of a crowd of people. There is a bunch of balloons and kites flying in the air.
9: A beautiful Victorian living room as seen through double french doors.
9: A man in black standing with his hand on a motorcycle handle.
9: A cake sitting on top of a piece of tin foil.
9: The stuffed bear is holding a hockey stick  and "playing" hockey with them "watching."
9: A plate of sweet bread and ice cream.
9: Skier in the motion of getting airborne on a ski slope. 
9: A blue and white large body plane on the runway.
9: a cutting board that has some different kinds of food on it
9: An adorable grey poodle standing next to a fire hydrant.
9: A pot of noodles is being cooked with more ingredients beside it.
9: A man is looking an an empty refridgerator.
9: A crowded street corner blocked off by street cones
9: a black motorcycle parked on the road in front of a car
9: There are three giraffes in a zoo standing around.
9: a shelf that has a bunch of glass items on it
9: A man taking a photo of a plant and a watering vessel. 
9: A boat in still water at a harbor at dusk. 
9: Two women are cutting and serving a large cake.
9: As a tennis player is hitting the ball a bird flies toward the racket.
9: A herd of buffalo grazing on grass in a pasture.
9: A woman that is standing in the sand next to a dog.
9: A professional baseball player swinging his bat at the baseball.
9: Four dogs playing together with a Frisbee in a large field.
9: A cat sleeping on a shelf in a market.
9: A person holding a white Nintendo Wii game controller.
9: A shelf with dishes and a clock in a mirror reflection.
9: a man is standing over a birthday cake

9: A bowl of broccoli and corn soup with a roll 
9: some people are sitting at a restaurant having a meal
9: A baseball player throwing a ball during a game. 
9: A person is sitting on the grass near two giraffes.
9: A small baby girl eating a piece of broccoli.
9: A couple of sandwiches on a green plate
9: A pair of jet airlines sit at an airport.
9: The city bus has pulled over to the side of the road.
9: The glare of the sun cuts across a wave and a wet-suited surfer coming in on the tide.
9: Tan young tennis player prepares to serve ball on grass court.
9: A large STOP sign at the entrance to a building.
9: A television is mounted to the white wall.
9: Two pots sitting on a burner in a small personal kitchen.
9: A fourth of a cake sitting on top of a cake plate.
9: Man in blue shorts and grey shirt swinging at a tennis ball. 
9: A baby giraffe laying on top of a ground in a zoo.
9: This is the image if a bed with black and white cover
9: A One World airliner is set for take off.
9: The man is on a surfboard coming in to the shore.
9: Two men on back of motorcycles grabbing hands.
9: a computer desk with two computers and books
9: A cat sleeping on the floor next to a transparent metallic mouse.
9: a number of people walking near many buildings 
9: a couple of kids are holding tennis rackets
9: A boy is watching a flamingo in the water.
9: An advertisement of a dining room and kitchen looks nice.
9: A person holding a camera in front of a bus.
9: A giraffe eating out of a food bucket in its enclosure.
9: Two girls standing on a porch grilling food on a grill 
9: A bus is travelling in front of a car
9: A restaurant kitchen has two prep isles for vegetables.
9: a young man surfing an eight foot wave
9: A subway station is seen through the reflection of a mirror.
9: A person on a snowboard riding in the snow.
9: A man holds a surfboard while looking at the ocean.
9: A couple of bikes that are on the street.
9: A kitchen has a table and chairs, dishwasher, and stove in it.
9: Train tracks up in a mountain have a path next to them.
9: an old fashioned iron frame bed sitting in a rundown room with vegetation growing inside
9: A silver car is stopped in front of train tracks as a train crosses.
9: Small boats in the water next to some old buildings.
9: A car attached to a trailer with a boat and a surfboard.
9: A person on a field near a large tall tower with a clock.
9: A white plate containing donuts next to cup of beer.
9: A bathroom with a white sink vanity and white tile with black.
9: An athlete is that in the air during a snow ski long jump.
9: A fruit market with lots of bunches of hanging bananas and melons.
9: A young lady is playing Frisbee with her dog. 
9: the woman is wearing and umbrella hat and on her phone. 
9: The president of the United States giving a speech at a podium.
9: some bikes parked on a harbor near a walking bridge
9: This is a run down kitchen with a lot of cooking pans.
9: A black and white picture of a group of people
9: A professional baseball player on a baseball field photoed during mid pitch 
9: A bird that is flying in the sky.
9: A person performing on the stage and a man sitting on the bike 
9: A couple of black bears in a painting by a tree.
9: A group of people who are outside of a building.
9: A man in a shopping district looking at a bird.
9: A selection of very decadent food at the local bakery
9: The bench on the beach is getting hit with the waves of the water.
9: A man riding skis with wheels mounted to them.
9: an elephant in a zoo walsk slowly 
9: A smiling man wearing a business suit sits at his desk by the window. 
9: A hotel bathroom with white towels, sink and toilet.
9: A group of people sitting in living are next to an entertainment unit.
9: This is a picture of a sheep and kitten.
9: very many umbrellas covering flowers in vases near a building
9: White plate with meat and vegetables on woven mat.
9: A clean sink with mouthwash and toothbrushes on it.
9: A keychain sits next to a small cell phone.
9: A surfer is riding the giant waves. 
9: A long line of airplanes riding down a runway.
9: Three clocks on a concrete wall in a facility.
9: Two images of the same boat with a painted face on the prow.
9: Three chocolate cupcakes and two forks are on a wooden table.
9: a man is standing next to a white horse
9: Several young women playing soccer on the field.
9:  a little figure holding onto two cell phones 
9: A girl swinging a tennis racket to hit a tennis ball. 
9: A group of people ride on top of elephants.
9: a person riding a motorcycle on a city street
9: Three zebras look towards the camera in their habitat.
9: a boy jumped over a fire hydrant with the skateboard. 
9: A child and adult are in a play kitchen.
9: a big sandwich laying on a big plate with some knives 
9: A number of people standing by a street waving small American flags.
9: Three people standing next to an elephant along a river.
9: Women are standing in front of a fruit display in a market.
9: The woman is sitting on the motorcycle by the plants.
9: The man is playing a game of tennis on the court.
9: Adult zebra feeding young in open field near trees.
9: A public restroom with two sinks and a paper towel and soap dispenser.
9: Two cows on a hill above a valley and mountains on the other side.
9: View of a stone clock tower from down on the ground.
9: A man riding on top of a kiteboard in the ocean.
9: A closeup image of a plate with broccoli and cheese and something white on it.
9: A couch, TV and kiddy pool are sitting on a curb.
9: A dog sits on a seat in a truck.
9: Luggage is being loaded into the open doors of a plane.
9: A close view of a pizza, and a mug of beer.
9: A large old building with a clock attached to the outside of the building.
9: a person riding skis on a snowy surface 
9: A woman curled up on a bench  in a booth reading and holding a coffee cup.
9: An Aeriel view of mountains from a window. 
9: Street traffic, view of an Alamo Bus, a Gold Coast Tour bus and several cars.
9: A man in a white baseball uniform and a black cap stands on a baseball field as the stands are full of people.
9: A digital parking sign instructs traffic on parking options on a downtown street.
9: A group of young girls run towards a soccer ball.
9: A young girl plays frisbee with an old man.
9: a red truck in the drive way of a home
9: A person with a box standing in a room.
9: In the desert, cows are crossing a wide street.
9: Hotel room scene, efficiency, queen bed, sofa, table/desk, TV, in brown tone room.
9: a bench is out near a body of water
9: Knife, scissors, and bottles set out amongst other items for cocktail making
9: a baby wearing a pink top is sleeping in bed with some pillows
9: a bunch of kids sitting on grass holding a frisbe
9: a kitchen with a stove near a counter 
9: A gray airplane with four propellers taking off.
9: A horse drawn carriage is traveling a city street on a rainy night.
9: A placemat on a gass table with scissors and a cup.
9: A motorcyclist rides through an arch in a town. 
9: A bathroom that is clean and has the light on.
9: Woman demonstrating equipment used in conjunction with cow.
9: A man working on a red motorcycle parked next to a store display.
9: A person on a snowboard in the snow.
9: Soldiers watch two commanding officers cut a cake with a sword.
9: One giraffe hides behind a tree as another giraffe relaxes in some brush.
9: A slice of pizza, greens, two wine glasses with two bottles on the table 
9: An outdoor skate park with ramps underneath an overpass
9: a group of woman standing before bags on a sidewalk next to a blue and red wall.
9: A sign that says Church Avenue in front of a field.
9: A building with five windows on this side and a small clock.
9: A plate with a slice of pizza sits on a table.
9: A horse in the grass is by a barn.
9: A box of donuts and a cup of coffee.
9: A street in an old town with two goats and a girl wandering around.
9: A man standing in a  room holding a piece of purple luggage over his head.
9: A bunch of people who are standing outside a bus.
9: two giraffes taking turns eating leaves from a tree
9: a person sitting inside of an empty refrigerator 
9: A boat next to a an animal swimming in water.
9: Four green apples in a bowl on a kitchen counter.
9: A small truck parked on the side of a street ready to go.
9: an orange and blue fire hydrant a car grass and trees
9: People are flying a kite on mounds of grass.
9: A dog jumping up in the air to catch a frisbee in it's mouth.
9: two donkeys standing next to one another by a house
9: A man and a woman in front of a table full of wine.
9: A herd of zebra walking across a dry grass covered field.
9: The mom is teaching her daughter to play baseball
9: A lunch consisting of a salad, macaroni noddles, a roll, an orange, and 1% milk.
9: artistic sculptures and images on a city street
9: A piece of cake is on the plate next to champagne.
9: A street pole with street signs hanging off of it's sides.
9: The food truck is parked on the city street.
9: Tape on a green like makes it look like it has a happy face. 
9: cupcakes decorated to look like assorted beach scenes 
9: A woman laying on a bed in a bedroom.
9: A close up of a giraffe with an open mouth.
9: A man is walking a herd of sheep down a street.
9: A man is standing by several suitcases looking at something.
9: People at a public event using cell phones to take pictures of the event.
9: Two little boys are with a woman holding a kite in a grassy area.
9: Commode sits on grass next to sign at outdoor event.
9: An empty classroom with posters on the wall.
9: A black and white dog walking across a body of water.
9: Several people pose for a picture in front of a store.
9: A subway bus traveling along through a terminal.
9: A harbor with several boats floating in it.
9: a person is on a snow board skiing down a slope
9: A blender that is on a counter that has various items in it.
9: A statue under an umbrella pointing to a fir tree on a red-tiled city square.
9: An emo hipster with blue hair and a yellow umbrella.
9: A man working on a laptop looking at the camera.
9: A large Happy Birthday cake is decorated with frosting.
9: A man with a bicycle stands in front of a bus.
9: A skier in mid air during a jump on the slope.
9: There is a small white toilet in the corner
9: A pile of food and dishes are stacked on the table. 
9: A plate with pancakes, syrup and butter on it on a table. 
9: A mama elephant standing next to a little  child elephant.
9: a food being cooked in an oven that has overflown 
9: Two different motorcycles, one has blue outlined, while the other has yellow.
9: Two double-decker buses going in opposite directions on a road.
9: A white bedroom decorated with low level furniture
9: a stop sign lit up by some car headlights 
9: A woman riding a bicycle on a street next to a car.
9: a baseball pitcher is throwing the ball 
9: A street sign attached to a traffic light pole in an intersection.
9: A passenger train that is going into a station.
9: The rusty old pickup truck is parked on the grass overlooked by the mountain.
9: a person riding a surf board on a body of water 
9: Ornate dessert item on display surrounded by pans of pizza.
9: A small bird stands on the tip of a tree branch against the blue sky.
9: some tables laptops chairs a white board and a white screen
9: A street scene with a closeup on a van and a truck.
9: A large brown dog laying on the floor next to a wooden bench.
9: a close up of a pizza being cooked on a grill
9: Two chefs look into a large mirror in a kitchen.
9: a man in a white hat is holding a small ketchup holder
9: A woman with her face painted white and decorated with a dragon. 
9: A kitchen with a sink, dishwasher, microwave and refrigerator.
9: The woman has a cell phone in her hand. 
9: A restaurant with no tables in the sitting room only chairs and a plant
9: Modern bedroom with large desk in front of window.
9: Kitten looking puzzled sitting in a bathroom sink
9: A group of people that are playing a game.
9: a line of food trucks and a group of people stand by
9: A large group of motorcycles and cars outside, but no people.
9: A young girl using a childs' laptop toy.
9: this kitchen has all white cabinets and silver appliances
9: A very tall clock tower sitting in the middle of a city.
9: A woman sits on a bus talking on her phone.
9: A dog in an open doorway with a pile of green bananas in front of the house.
9: a giraffe on the ground behind a fence in a structure
9: A wallet, camera, cell phone, and some flasks.
9: Parts of a stuffed bear laying in a box.
9: a few people that are flying some kites
9: THERE ARE A LOT OF PEOPLE IN THE KITCHEN SMILING 
9: Three elephants carrying people on their back in a bush
9: an image of a danger sign for bikers
9: There is a cat looking out the open window.
9: A man sits on a computer desk in a room. 
9: A train crossing a bridge that is over water.
9: A large building with a clock tower and dome on top.
9: A hand holding a smart phone with a ship as a wall paper.
9: this is a giraffe chewing on some leaves
9: A horse galloping down a street past grass and water.
9: The little girl doesn't want to keep sitting in her seat.
9: Yellow fire hydrant surrounded by grass with graffiti on it
9: The desk with a laptop has papers strewn all over it.
9: a small boy in a black shirt is sleeping on a bed
9: A photo of a horse race from inside the stands
9: A small sofa has pillows on it in the corner
9: a parking lot filled with many buses and some trees
9: A man cooking hot dogs on a grill.
9: A man that is standing near a pole.
9: A woman sits at table ready to have breakfast with a friend
9: The shirtless men are riding horses through the lake. 
9: A group of sheep grazing in a grassy field.
9: A small blue bird is perched on a small limb.
9: A large brown teddy bear laying on top of the ground.
9: An old train moving in a valley with rocks on both sides
9: a white house and a person holding a red and blue umbrella
9: A man carries a bag of food and a drink away from a roadside eatery.
9: some people with their luggage at a train station
9: a male doll wearing a striped shirt and tie
9: A woman at a baseball game talking on her phone.
9: A small child wearing a tie stands with his luggage.
9: there is a small stand that is in this small room
9: A goose standing in the road, looking at the ground.
9: A woman in green jacket taking photograph in a mirror.
9: A group of people are eating pizza around a table.
9: A baby elephant is walking under a larger elephant.
9: A desk with a monitor, keyboard, laptop, a mouse, speakers and a glass on it. 
9: A vintage quadruple propellor plane leaves the runway.
9: A sign for Lake Michigan posted at an intersection.
9: A knife covered in guts next to a bowl.
9: A cat sitting and staring up at a ledge.
9: Street sign, with name and abbreviation, in front of very old building.
9: A street sign that reads wonder stump and Maciel street sign
9: A cat laying with some stuffed bears in a room.
9: A herd of cattle grazing on grass in an open field.
9: Woman and a man sitting on a bench in front of a group park.
9: The equestrian is practicing her tricks on the horse.
9: Several cars driving down the road near a fence.
9: A red motorcycle parked in front of a restaurant.
9: The woman has a knife and fork for eating the big pizza.
9: A stop sign in front of a yellow building at night.
9: A Yorkshire Terrier is looking out the window of a house.
9: A lady is standing outside in front of a bus station.
9: A baking rack with donuts drizzled with caramel icing.  
9: A young surfer performs a trick on a wave.
9: A baseball player captured swinging at a ball.
9: A person and a cat are looking at television.
9: A heron is standing on the edge of a body of water.
9: A woman looking at a cell phone with stores in the background.
9: A vase of beautiful flowers are on display.
9: A bear climbing over a fallen log in the forest.
9: a person sitting on a bench near many birds 
9: Man with suitcases preparing to board small old time antique plane.
9: Several figurines and an empty bottle on a dusty shelf.
9: That car may not be able to get around the cattle in the road.
9: A stop sign at an intersection with blue sky in the background.
9: Two heron are standing on some rocks near some water.
9: A little girl with decorated face in front of a table of cakes.
9: A person riding a skateboard on the street.
9: A skateboarder skating on the outside of a bowl
9: A elephant pressing its trunk against a gate
9: a very large building with a big stop light beside it
9: You can see into part of a bathroom with the linen closet on the outside.
9: a group of people walking and riding bikes on the side of a bridge
9: A woman player is squatted down playing tennis.
9: An umpire watches over a baseball game played by children.
9: Three images showing the making of a smoothie.
9: A cell phone attached to a charger with a mirror behind it.
9: A pizza on a plate with toppings cut into four slices.
9: A large tray is filled with broccoli and chunks of cheese.
9: A miniature cake that is adorned with four small candles. 
9: A man with a defensive look guarding against a soccer ball.
9: A man with two children on a tennis court.
9: a male with a black tie and drink and red shirt
9: Several people on the ocean shore are flying kites.
9: a man that is standing under a tree
9: A large jetliner flying through the sky filled with fog.
9: Appliances, shelves, drawers and fruit in a kitchen.
9: A man in a horse drawn carriage parked in front of a stone building.
9: A dog waits as it is tied up to a motorcycle sidecar.
9: a small child sitting down and smiling and wearing a tie
9: A white truck travels down a residential street past some trash cans.
9: A man in black and white shirt sleeping on bed with a laptop.
9: a man that is jumping his skateboard on some track
9: A view of an empty kitchen with white and wood lined cabinets.
9: A group of people gather round and enjoy some pizza.
9: Elderly man with dog enjoying quiet time on park bench reading.
9: A pot roast cooking on a stove top with carrots and mushrooms. 
9: A group of athletes ski along a trail.
9: a stove that has some gloves on it
9: A man takes a hot dish out of an oven.
9: A man walking down a sidewalk holding a cell phone to his ear.
9: A simple store entrance is located discreetly on the side of a building. 
9: A passenger train moving through an underground tunnel.
9: a brown horse tied to a tree near a white truck
9: A person sitting on a bench near a train as seen through a window.
9: Two large birds are flying over the calm water. 
9: A woman holding a container filled with fresh vegetables.
9: A young man and woman getting ready to kiss.
9: Children are playing a game of soccer in the rain as parents stand on the sideline.  
9: A man eating a slice of pizza without holding the slice in his hands.
9: A man with white clown paint is on a bicycle.
9: A kichen with wooden cabinets and a white range.
9: A young man skateboarding and doing some tricks in the air. 
9: A boy flying a kite in the cloudy sky.
9: People sitting on a park bench watching cars go by.
9: an area full of llamas crowded next to each other near the ocean
9: A computer keyboard sitting on a white counter.
9: We are looking at multiple views of a windows phone.
9: A zebra and other animals stand on a grassy area.
9: Yes, goats do cross roads in some places.
9: Several people surfing in a lake next to a bridge.
9: A plate of pizza with greens sprinkled over it.
9: A group of three people riding skis on top of snow covered ground.
9: Large green couch in the middle of a cluttered living space.
9: A person walks on the beach, carrying a surf board.
9: A sandwich lays on a white plate with dark colored stripes.
9: a child sitting on a bench with ducks near by
9: A huge keyboard mat on the ground in a room.
9: A flat screen television on a wooden cabinet with electronics below it and two trays with computer controllers on them.
9: Here is an Ultimate Frisbee competition at the beach
9: A man wrangling some cows with a four wheeler.
9: The dog stares at the food inside the oven.
9: A truck driving on a crowded street past several parked cars.
9: Two polar bears sleep on a rocky hill.
9: a man stands in front of some zebras 
9: a mirror a phone a sink a toilet and a light
9: Surfer performing aerial trick over breaking ocean wave.
9: Two fresh pizzas with mushrooms and olives sitting on pizza paddles.
9: A row of motor scooters lined against a wall.
9: Two men standing in a grassy field with a frisbee.
9: A man standing on the sidewalk with a blue umbrella.
9: this is a blow dryer in a bathroom
9: A man on a surfboard inside a large wave.
9: A cat looks back over its shoulder while laying on top of a fuzzy white blanket.
9: A living room, dining room, and kitchen flow gradually into each other. 
9: This bathroom has a wood floor, wood surfaces, and a large window. 
9: A black and white picture of a building
9: The large clock tower has a light green roof.
9: A bathroom stall with a toilet and the stall door open
9: On the table are a banana split, yet untouched, and another chocolate soda fountain treat.
9: A tennis player throwing a ball at the ground. 
9: Grilled sandwich with vegetables on a plate with a beer.
9: a person sitting down with her hands in the air
9: Happy couple having a dinner at a restaurant. 
9: A cat laying on th couch looking forward
9: A small moving truck with the word "ARCHIVE" graffiti'd on the side.
9: A bedroom and bed in a room with wood flooring, green walls and a window above the side of the bed.
9: A small kitchen area features a stove and cupboards.
9: A yummy looking sandwich with lettuce and tomato on foil.
9: a man is sitting in front of some food at a table
9: A group of kited flying over a beach.
9: There is a person that is standing in the living room
9: There are two different types of cupcake on the plate.
9: some green yellow and red apples in baskets
9: A group of giraffes standing in a grassy area next to a pond.
9: An advertisement for Adidas showing two tennis players.
9: Two giraffes looking at a woman very intensively.
9: The kid is skateboarding on the street while wearing a jacket.
9: A cat stares at a dog on TV. 
9: a couple of people that are talking on a phone
9: A hot dog bun filled with strips of bacon and nacho cheese.
9: A man with a skateboard and a dog in a park.
9: A young girl asleep on the sofa cuddling a stuffed bear.
9: A guy holding a tennis ball in one hand with a tennis racket in his other hand. 
9: Three dogs are fighting over a red Frisbee.
9: Performers and elephants putting on a show at the circus
9: Jumbo jet flying over a group of trees.
9: The young girl is holding a large brown stuffed bear.
9: A picture of the Big Ben clock tower on a cloudy day. 
9: A train carrying a green cart with people on it.
9: A microwave sitting in an old chair covered by a table.
9: A cooked pizza that is on a table.
9: A cat stands on a table with a laptop in front of a person.
9: The laptop computer is on top of a stack of boxes.
9: A cat sitting next to a person typing on a computer keyboard.
9: A woman taking a selfie with a cat next to her.  
9: A closeup of an orange tree with fruit in plain sight
9: A bathroom showing a full-sized and child-sized toilet and trash can.
9: A rack of various bath items and decorations in a bathroom.
9: The toilet is bright white against the terra cotta tile.
9: Surfers in wetsuits stand on the beach in front of waves.
9: A train traveling down a track in the country.
9: The very tall giraffe is walking across the road.
9: A man leans forward on skis while jumping on a mountain.
9: A man that is sitting on a bike.
9: A view of a narrow kitchen with the only light coming from a glass door.
9: A car that is sitting int he street near a building.
9: a man on a skateboard performing a trick at a skate park
9: two people walking up the hill so they can ski down it
9: Shot of a person in a wooden boat on the shore of a beach.
9: A narrow men's room features no privacy for its urinals. 
9: A red double decker bus on a busy street.
9: A man is using his laptop in a library
9: a person riding a skate board on a skate park
9: a cow with a black face is in a field
9: Man in the motion of running and throwing a frisbee from his hand. 
9: Two paper plates sitting on top of a table covered in pizza.
9: Several bunches of bright yellow bananas with red tips.
9: an image of people in the water rowing on canoes
9: A skateboarder does a trick in a crowded skatepark covered in graffiti.
9: Guy parasailing in the ocean, flying up in the air.
9: A bunch of pottery sitting on a sidewalk 
9: A person on a motorcycle on a very long street.
9: A pretty young lady riding a skateboard down a street.
9: A bouquet of wild flowers is in a  vase.
9: A variety of kitchen utensils hanging from a peg board.
9: Flock of birds in water near dock with moored boats.
9: A cat looks out from beneath the covers.
9: Two silver cars parked beside each other in parking spots
9: A beach area with black birds flying over it.
9: this plate has many different types of food on it
9: A double decker bus in the street near a building. 
9: A fruit stand with a variety of fruit in boxes and hanging baskets.
9: A view of parked cars on a city street.
9: A West 32nd sign under a Korea Way road sign. 
9: A young man is carrying his surf board on the beach.
9: A bathroom with a toilet and sink and some wood cabinets.
9: Two brown elephants walking through mud in a jungle. 
9: A group of teenagers are riding their skateboards.
9: An adult skier carries a child skier under their arm on the slopes
9: A white horse pulling a carriage outside a house
9: A person is holding an HP CD above a laptop computer.
9: A sign of a store in a city. 
9: Female soccer player maneuvering ball on grassy field. 
9: A man cross country skiing in the country.
9: There are many stuffed animals arranged on the bed
9: A white cracker looking pizza is on a cutting board.
9: a giraffe leaning over a fence trying to eat
9: a person sitting on steps with a cell phone 
9: A woman adjusts clock while several people watch.
9: A tv monitor on the desk and a bed 
9: The living room is clean and empty of people.
9: a bathroom that has a small little toilet in it
9: A little boy that is sitting on a statue of a cow.
9: An American commuter train crossing a city bridge
9: A pan filled with something on top of a stove top.
9: A group of canoers are getting sprayed by the current.
9: Giraffes in a dirt field with some patches of green.
9: Several bovine look out over the hills on a cloudless sunny day.
9: A black bird sits in a flower boy.
9: People standing on tennis court with rackets laying side by side on the ground.
9: A young business woman holds her brief case while looking at the camera.
9: A black cat is wearing a white bow tie and looking at the camera
9: A man snow boarding in the snow on a slope. 
9: A suitcase as well as other types of luggage are propped up on a carpeted floor indoors.
9: A couple of burgers on thick buns next to a beer and a laptop.
9: A man and woman take a skiing break.
9: A garbage truck is driving through the narrow street.
9: A snowboarder is mid air on a clear day.
9: A sandwich sitting on top of a white plate next to a cup of coffee.
9: A man sitting on a bench in a suit with sneakers on. 
9: Someone standing in the water in the ocean flying their kite
9: a guy holding a kite that looks like a dragon
9: There is a bathtub and a toilet in the bathroom.
9: A girl in a tennis outfit getting ready to hit the tennis ball with her racket.
9: Many motorcycles are lined up next to each other with several people standing among them in front of a lot of trees.
9: A toilet sits outside on slanted cement near a doorway.
9: A tabby cat laying on top of a purse.
9: A white desk with a black laptop, blue water bottle and office supplies. 
9: Two men standing behind a cow in front of a house.
9: Two giraffes are in a field with trees on a sunny day.
9: A man is holding a tennis racquet and hitting the ball.
9: A street sign that reads "South Rd" is mounted to a pole.
9: A woman sitting on a stone bench in front of the beach.
9: A surfer riding the break on a small wave.
9: A woman playing tennis on a clay court.
9: A stuffed bear wearing headphones and sitting in front of a computer keyboard.
9: A couple of people standing on a foamy beach.
9: There is a man that is sitting in a hotel room
9: Inside of a bathroom with a sink and a mirror.
9: An elephant standing in a field, in front of trees.
9: two guys making silly faces for a picture
9: A large gray airplane is right outside of a building.
9: one person on a cellular phone looking at a monitor screen next to a person holding a game controller in front of the same monitor
9: Doughnuts sitting on a table in a bakery.
9: Four giraffes in an enclose with two of them being smaller.
9: A man poses while holding a pink doughnut.
9: a man is grinding on a skateboard on a ramp
9: A red train parked by a red brick building.
9: A group of zebras eating together at a trough 
9: A cow and calf sitting on the ground.
9: Two puffy sheep stand in the snow and one sheep has its nose to the ground.
9: A small young elephant stands under its mother.
9: Several people are in a park flying kites.
9: There are two horses standing in the snow with a dog
9: A cat laying on the ground in a room.
9: A diorama of workers working in an old kitchen.
9: a toilet sits with toilet paper on it
9: Hat sits on empty park bench made of black iron
9: A dog with its nose sitting idly on a map book next to a machine lever.
9: a narrow bathroom with plants and a window
9: Surfers are riding a wave near some very big rocks.
9: A fighter jet soaring over a snowy mountain.
9: A man smiling and drinking wine with his camera on his neck.   
9: A person with a painted face is riding a motorcycle
9: A black and white checkered bathroom with toilet
9: A tennis player is jumping in the air at a tennis match.
9: A teddy bear with a piece of wood sitting on a table.
9: A woman near her cross country skies and her two golden retrievers
9: a guy about to fall standing on one leg looking to fall over
9: A walking sign glows underneath two street signs.
9: A baseball bat and glove sitting on the ground.
9: A spoon with a tomato and a pool of liquid.
9: The man has his laptop at the outdoor table.
9: A bar table with three plates containing donuts.
9: An abundance of motor vehicles navigating a city street.
9: Two sheep run through the snow in an open field.
9: A barefoot woman sitting in a chair relaxing.
9: a bunch of benches sitting on a patio next to a building
9: Black and white photograph of a refrigerator in kitchen.
9: a man that is on a skateboard that is on a ramp
9: A bowl with cereals, a spoon, apples and a packet
9: a person skating down the street next to traffic
9: A large dark colored spoon sitting on a rack
9: Dirty toilet stall and toilet standing with the door open.
9: a tv sitting on top of a full entertainment cabinet
9: A woman is striking a tennis ball outside
9: The building is a piece of art. 
9: There are two baby bears in a field.
9: A young nerdy looking man with a red tie
9: a female reaching in the air with a tennis racket

9: A cat sitting next to a stuffed elephant on a window sill.
9: A yellow dog relaxing on the living room floor near a fireplace.
9: A airplane that is flying in the sky.
9: Two couples in swim gear talk in the waves.
9: A cat standing on a bed has its paw in a cup.
9: A train coming down the tracks, entering into a train station.
9: A small black dog standing in a sink
9: a number of horses racing on a track
9: A man that is standing next to a elephant.
9: Two horses grazing in the grass while a dog looks on.
9: a man is on a court with a tennis racket
9: A cat on a bed partially inside a canvas bag
9: A group of people standing on a hill with one flying a kite.
9: A hand holding up may-o dressing next to a sandwhich.
9: A man holding his surfboard along the waters edge.
9: An man is riding an elephant on the walkway.
9: A stop sign on street next to brick wall.
9: A train on a track going under a trellis. 
9: The puppy is waiting for someone to play with.
9: A tray with a sandwich and potato wedges on it
9: girl sleeping on her side in a crib
9: Three rams grazing on grass in the mountains
9: A batter in a blue jersey and a catcher in a white uniform waiting for the pitch. 
9: Baby zebra nursing from its mother as they stand in an area with tall dead grass.
9: A surf boarder stands as he rides a wave.
9: A picture of a major Asian city at night.
9: A group of horses carrying a man on a carriage.
9: a snow boarder standing on a snow board.
9: People in a park and a man trying to fly his kite.
9: A fire hydrant sitting in the grass near tree's.
9: A white cat leans on a closed laptop. 
9: Two teenaged girls sitting in armchairs at a public library and cutting sheets of craft paper with scissors.
9: a close up of a train on train tracks at night
9: A black cat playing on top of a wooden chair.
9: A table set with dining wear with several wrapped bottles.
9: A photograph of a man with his head turned to the side.
9: A man is sitting in a busy area with his bike.
9: man on skateboard beside a milk crate in driveway
9: A plane is landing on the runway at the airport.
9: A small cadre of spectators look on as a batter swings at a low ball.
9: People are looking at an airplane on a tarmac.
9: A train station with people standing with luggage.
9: A man on a skate board who is touching the ground. 
9: Two men riding on the back of motorcycles down a parking lot.
9: A couch with a small table holding a laptop.
9: A fancily set table at a dinner party.
9: two black dogs standing on a boat with a guy
9: Woman trying to sleep on a bench in the park
9: the teddy bear is sitting on a bench on the street
9: a man riding the rail with his skateboard 
9: A dinner plate is arranged with meat, broccoli and carrots.
9: A slice of pizza and some salad on a white plate
9: Fruit growing on trees on sunny day outdoors.
9: Grapes, kiwi, banana, and oranges are served together.
9: There is a surfer wearing a body suit riding a wave
9: a snowboarder in a gray jacket is doing a trick
9: The stuff laying on the floor might be suitable for a wide range of children.  
9: A bus parked in a street between two buildings.
9: A very pretty zebra grazing in the grass.
9: A small yellow boat on the water carrying passengers.
9: A BENCH IS SEATED ON THE GRASS 
9: a black and yellow airplane flying and some trees
9: a bus showing domestic animals moving along the street
9: some candles are burning on top of a cake
9: a man that has a freez be on the tip of finger
9: A fire hydrant is painted to resemble a dalmatian.
9: A person is carrying a surfboard on the beach.
9: a bathtub in a bathroom next to a window.
9: Three elephants are drinking water from the river.
9: Four cows graze in a field while the sun shines.
9: There are multiple airplanes parked next to each other on the runway.
9: A bear is seen walking in a forest in a blurry photo.
9: A red plane flying through a blue sky.
9: Boats floating in the water near the shoreline 
9: A cycling event with cycles being transported in cars, atop cars, in vans.
9: A woman sitting on a bench outside holding two donuts. 
9: A cat that is sitting next to a stuffed animal.
9: There is a girl that is standing smiling holding a hot dog
9: A woman in black shorts and a white top playing tennis.
9: Man riding on a surf board near a boardwalk.
9: orange slice with fork and various greens on plate
9: A giraffe looks in between the tall rocks.
9: A jet airliner flying with a cloudy sky in the background.
9: The celery and carrots are on a cutting board with a knife.
9: A couple of people with ski poles and winter clothes, walking over snow.
9: A pizza roll on a plate at a diner.
9: a very healthy snack with a glass of water.
9: A bedroom area with three beds and a set of barstools. 
9: a woman and two children are feeding some elephants
9: a man sitting in a cubicle holding onto a large remote
9: Two very large horse walking together in a grassy field.
9: A yellow truck with a surfboard on it on the beach. 
9: A person is going to eat a toasted sandwich with meat.
9: Two bathroom sinks mounted beneath two matching mirrors.
9: The dog is in the field barking at the large animal.
9: A group of people show open affection in public.
9: A shot of a field and road taken from outside of a vehicle window.
9: There is a zebra in the foreground and two giraffes in the background.
9: Black cat with green eyes sitting in a bathroom sink. 
9: A ROAD SIGN INDICATING SURFERS OUTSIDE A TEMPLE
9: a man is holding a baseball bat at a game
9: The man in the green hat and shirt is holding two Frisbees. 
9: Several cakes and pastries sitting in a display case.
9: A group of people standing around a baggage claim.
9: Two cows out in the field on a farm 
9: People looking at sheep in a series of indoor pens.
9: Three glass candles sitting on a table and lit.
9: The man and woman congregate outside of the refrigerator.
9: A man riding a skateboard down a street filled with wooden ramps.
9: A brown and white dog lays under covers on a red and white pillow.
9: A pair of grizzly bears walk through the grass.
9: A leafy plant with a single blooming flower.
9: A group of young men playing a game of soccer.
9: parents and their child walking with tennis rackets and balls
9: A train is sitting in a train station. 
9: A train on train tracks with a person in the foreground.
9: A woman wearing black leather sits on her motorcycle.
9: a couple of women ride horses through some water 
9: A shelf shows trinkets and a pile of dvds.
9: The birthday boy cuts the cake while his teammates watch.
9: Two small sandwiches are on a paper plate along with a side.
9: One man has his put on the pole and the other man has his hand on it. 
9: A cloth table with a bowl of fruit that includes apples and bananas.
9: A table filled with bottles of wine and plates of cheese.
9: A picture of of Martin Luther King Jr. standing in front of the Lincoln Memorial.
9: A hamster is eating a piece of broccoli on the floor.
9: A group of people riding a miniature train.
9: There are two laptop computers beside each other
9: some traffic lights people buildings and cars 
9: a couple of large pizzas that are on a table
9: A man on the street at night near a truck full of bananas.
9: The shuttle launching in the air as a plane flies by.
9: A man with a funny hat and fried chicken.
9: A baby is in his baby pool, nibbling on something with an adult present. 
9: The two men are cutting a white and blue cake
9: A green garbage collection truck parked behind a pile of various items including a blue mailbox.
9: A bicycle and a moped going different directions in a cross walk.
9: A blue TV sitting on top of a white counter.
9: Two people with their hands on each others' back walk under the same umbrella on a city sidewalk next to a man.
9: Old wooden boats in dry dock on a grey dreary day.
9: A woman is standing in a living room and is throwing her hat across the room. 
9: A man stands on a snow covered mountain watching a skier become airborn.
9: Two loaves of bread in pans inside an oven.
9: A man in casual wear holding a baseball type bat.
9: A person skiing on snow covered mountains with skis.
9: Two men sampling chili and beer in a tent.
9: A small bathroom with a dark cabinet and mirror.
9: A vehicle to the side which is carrying a load appears that it is running into the signage.
9: A motorcycle rider pumping gas while still on the bike.
9: I cant see this image it is too dark.
9: A military jet that has its loading compartment open for viewing.
9: A row of several types of pastries on display.
9: A bag with its contents laid out on a table. 
9: Two small children standing at a sink brushing their teeth.
9: A passenger plane takes off at a major airport. 
9: A long green army trucks parked next to a group of men on a field.
9: A pole with a stop sign, street sign, and a pair of shoes. 
9: A young man with a lime green surf on a beach.
9: A man holding a Wii controller making a very funny face
9: A man playing baseball, swinging his bat at the plate
9: There is a bathroom with a sink toilet and door
9: Two horses have feathers on their head. 
9: A bunch of glazed donuts sitting on a table.
9: A woman swings her tennis racket while reaching upward.
9: Climbers make their way up a steep, snowy hill.
9: A man with a tie on also has boxing gloves on. 
9: A train is pulling into a subway stop. 
9: A man setting at a table looking at a large sandwich with vegetables on the side a glass of beer next to it.
9: A boat traveling down an open body of water.
9: Two men are excited about the pizza they are holding.
9: A pick up truck that has been modified into a small bus.
9: A empty ocean surf with a parachute in the background.
9: Two people riding on bicycles near a row of trees. 
9: Skateboarder holding the bottom of his board in the air. 
9: a couple of giraffes are standing in a field
9: Two men with a big truck hauling a car are parked off  a road that looks like desert like.
9: The bicycle is locked to the metal pole as the young man waits to board the mass  transit train.
9: In the corner of this room there are several things including a shelf and a plug in.
9: Two children flying a kite near the beach. 
9: A two tier cake siting on a dining room table
9: A restaurant sign showing the hours and specials.
9: A happy couple cutting a beautiful cake for a special occasion
9: A large public park stationed in front of a building.
9: An image that is capturing headlights in motion.
9: A stuffed bear is on someone's red jacket
9: A living room decorated in various shades of white.
9: A sub bun is overstuffed with fish and served with fries.
9: A giraffe inside of a wooden fence at a zoo 
9: The red refrigerator is next to a couple of fans in boxes. 
9: An unoccupied room with wooden flooring and a fireplace.
9: A fire truck drives along a street next to parked cars in a city.
9: A large bathroom with two sinks, a toilet and shower.
9: A man riding a horse outside near the beach.
9: A brown teddy bear sitting on a cement wall next to ivy.
9: An empty bathroom with two white, square sink.
9: A plane is flying over a group of recreational snow machines.
9: A photo of a large brick clock tower.
9: A neighborhood with a one way street sign. 
9: A shot of the Hollywood sign at Santa Monica Blvd.
9: A small messy kitchen with clothes and suitcase on the floor.
9: Red, modern double decker bus driving down the street
9: A group of people under their umbrellas during a rain storm.
9: A street light on a street corner with cars driving on it. 
9: a kitchen with a refrigerator a sink and a cupboard
9: A single bird perches on a stone ledge.
9: A dog is sitting on the floor in a car.
9: A giraffe peers its head above the vegetation.
9: A boy prepares to hit a ball at a batting cage.
9: A selection of donuts and pastries at an oriental bakery
9: Person kneeling and acting silly in the snowy mountains
9: Racing motorbike on turn leaning over, dressed in blue and light green uniform.
9: A man with sideburns, a tie and collar shirt on looking at something. 
9: A person on a surfboard riding a wave.
9: A picture of boats in the harbor and a "Merry-go-round" ride in the distance. 
9: A photo taken from behind a fence of tennis players on the court.
9: a man on a skateboard is making a jump
9: Pot on stove cooking vegetables and being stirred by a wooden spoon.
9: A pair of boys stand next to a sign.
9: A passenger train that is traveling down railroad tracks.
9: Serious looking couple with light brown Teddy bear, side sun light.
9: A blueberry pastry in a bowl with a strawberry and a cup of coffee.
9: A table set with coffee, sandwiches and donuts. 
9: A man in a suite wearing a pair of sunglasses.
9: A dramatic and glowing bit of European architecture.
9: A small plane is seen flying on a clear day.
9: a piles of mashd taters, turkey and carrots
9: The woman in the blue dress is at the bathroom sink.
9: A woman playing tennis in mid-swing in front of a large crowd.
9: A man extending a racquet toward a tennis ball.
9: A man riding an elephant in the evening.
9: A town with roads, street signs, and a lot of palm trees on the side of the road. 
9: The fire hydrant near a building is nearly covered by snow.
9: Fans watch as a baseball player is about to take his best swing. 
9: Silhouette of a man surfing a wave alone
9: A clock tower is at the end of a crowded street.
9: An open refrigerator that is completely full of food and beverages.
9: Airliner taking off over field of landing lights.
9: a small bird flying near a tree bench with a blurry background 
9: A guy is showing another guy something on a laptop.
9: Woman talking on a cell phone in a lobby 
9: A black and brown cat standing on air vent above a stove.
9: A young girl who is holding an umbrella.
9: The man and the woman are looking at the food in the fridge.
9: The cookie dish includes different fruits and nuts.
9: A giraffe standing in the grass near a bush.
9: A multicolored and designed vase with a handle and a curved form to the vase.
9: A man is holding Frisbees with writing in his hand.
9: A stop sign and no right turn sign with buildings in background.
9: A laptop computer sitting next to a computer monitor.
9: A little girl laughs and runs with a kite in a grassy park.
9: A sculpture with a clock built into it.
9: A group of people playing tennis on a sunny day
9: A bathroom with an orange bathtub next to a white toilet.
9: A larger boat amongst smaller ones in a harbor
9: Football players running and jumping for and with the ball.
9: A look at a wallpapered bathroom, with a ships window.
9: a giraffe standing next to a leafy tree 
9: A couple of cats that are sleeping together.
9: A man sitting by produce while another man points to it 
9: An overexposed photograph of a man sitting on a park bench
9: A tv on the wall with a cat on the screen.
9: A child smiling and skiing in the snow. 
9: An elephant has it's trunk in it's mouth standing in the grass.
9: A muffin is on a plate with a knife and an apple and ice water in the back ground.
9: A bunch of people are holding kites and the wind is blowing them on a grassy field.
9: a person standing in front of an open oven .
9: a street sign that is covered in stickers on the back 
9: a person riding a bike in a crowd of walking people
9: A couple flying a kite at the beach.
9: A man carrying his surfboard on the beach to the water.
9: Man holding a metal bowl at the table.
9: A heard of zebras grazing in the wild
9: some white and brown cows are eating 
9: That looks like a statue of the Virgin Mary beside the church.
9: A yellow stuffed animal in a piece of luggage.
9: A bearded man grimaces in the snow with a friend.
9: Tow children sit at wooden benches while using their laptops.
9: Young woman standing and holding a large red suticase
9: A kitchen with different appliances inside of it.
9: A cat sitting on a floor mat and starring at the door.
9: a middle-aged man rides his motorcycle on a mountainous road
9: People are riding in a motorboat on the water.
9: a city bus is parked by a city street 
9: Looking across the living, dining and outdoor area of a beach side condo
9: Two zebra stand on dirt in a fenced off area.
9: A group of people on skis are riding down a slope.
9: A boy sits on top of a thin, small horse in front of a brick building.
9: two men kneeling with snowboards in the mountains.
9: A concrete pole that has a clock on the top of it.
9: Caucasian couple out at night with man pointing at phone while woman uses it to take photo.
9: A person with a rain jacket on their bike.
9: A man is bluing a kite in an open area.
9: A bowl of black bean soup is garnished with avocado.
9: A computer mouse and tall glass on a table
9: a close up of a toilet with digital controls
9: a person using an electronic device in a dark background
9: Prepared finger foods set on top of a stove.
9: A person that is playing a video game.
9: A pregnant woman and child standing in a room.
9: A batter pulls back as the ball approaches him.  
9: A large home made pizza ready to be cooked.
9: Two bento boxes of stir fry, rice and assorted fruits and vegetables, with one pair of chopsticks resting on a container of the food.
9: A plate with creamy chicken and vegetables, a side of onion rings, a cup of coffee and a slice of cheesecake.
9: A group of people walk down a city street.
9: A man swings a tennis racket as people watch from the stands.
9: A group of people sitting at tables at a restaurant.
9: A wall with vines and old tools strewn on it.
9: A person wake boarding on a small wave.
9: A baseball player is in his hitting stance as a few people watch. 
9: A large sliced pizza in a box on a table.
9: a laptop on a table on balcony, blue sky.
9: A couple of vases with flowers on a table
9: some people are playing frisbee on the grass
9: AN INSPIRION LAPTOP SITTING ON THE TOP OF A TABLE WHICH IS WOOD
9: A ponytailed girl hunches over, cell phone clutched to her ear.
9: Garlic bulbs are hanging in an open air market.
9: There are many people standing on the platform awaiting a train
9: A woman is smiling and holding a banana.
9: People at a marketplace talking to a vendor.
9: A photo of a horse hooked up to a carriage.
9: A group of zebras standing in a grassy area.
9: A beach with several large baskets sitting on it.
9: A man playing tennis on a blue tennis court
9: tHERE IS A WAKEBOARDER THAT IS OUT AT SEA
9: The man is dressed up with a tie posing for a picture. 
9: Cat laying down with a bowl in front of it.
9: A group of people walking on the street in a city.
9: A group of tourists pose with spears and shields as a jouster rides towards them.
9: a large clock covering the entire side of a building.
9: Stop sign with a street sign for Bugg Lane.
9: Many elephants are walking through the muddy dirt.
9: Boy in a plaid shirt doing a skateboard trick.
9: A line of carriages with horses attached to them.
9: Two views of bright objects floating through the blue sky.
9: A person with headphones and holding a pencil. 
9: there is a old bus that is next to a trolly on the street
9: some people putting grass in a plastic swimming pool with an umbrella
9: a man at the park getting ready to throw a yellow frisbee 
9: An up close picture of a child brushing their teeth.
9: A black and white cat lying on the back of a sofa.
9: The baseball players look on as a teammates is at bat. 
9: Two zebras standing outside on a terrain of rock and dirt.
9: Three women in a living room as a birthday cake is cut.
9: a couple of people on skis stand in the snow 
9: A one way sign and two other signs mounted to a pole
9: A plate of rice and assorted meat next to a salad with shrimp. 
9: A small boat suspended by ropes tied to a post.
9: A banana is a healthy mid day snack.
9: The side of a buss with a sign on it.
9: A cat standing next to a golden bird cage.
9: A clock tower is displayed by another building.
9: The pizza is on the table next to a wine bottle and a glass. 
9: Brown and white dog in Christmas hat standing in the snow.
9: a kitchen with different types of pots in it
9: A man at a counter in a kitchen with a red chair. 
9: black and white image of a bench in a forest
9: A man hitting a tennis ball with a racket. 
9: a man in red and black siding a wave on his surf board
9: An old canoe stranded on the coast of a beach.
9: Two men in black coats stand next to white chairs.
9: A man on a field swinging a baseball bat at a ball.
9: A passenger train pulling into the station where people are standing.
9: Two people are standing in a living room playing a Wii.
9: A person on a skateboard does a trick on a ramp.
9: A herd of sheep move together in the snow.
9: A small cat sleeps while a cell phone rests against it.
9: Someone dressed in a snow suit on the groud .
9: Wet suits and a surf board in the back of an open van.
9: A cat sitting next to an apple computer, on the keyboard.
9: A wrought-iron city park bench seen through the armrests.
9: The building has a clock built into the tower.
9: a street light is near a large building
9: A plate of food on top of a table.
9: A yellow flower inside a clear water-filled pitcher.
9: some knights horses flags sand and people 
9: Older elephant spraying himself with sand from the ground.
9: A grey adult cat opens its mouth very wide.
9: A bird is perched on a container in a person's hand.
9: A cheesy pizza with mushrooms on it on a white plate.
9: a cat and a dog lay on either side of a sleeping person in a bed
9: A black and white dog sleeping in front of a door.
9: a man is eating some food outside 
9: A large towel on a table near an umbrella.
9: A man on a tennis court who is swinging at a tennis ball.
9: A man on a cell phone leans against a brick wall.
9: A bird is sitting on a bowl of birdseed.
9: A giraffe that is standing near a person sitting down.
9: Several boats that are anchored in a body of water.
9: A refrigerator freeze sitting inside of a kitchen with papers on the side of it.
9: A man attending to a boat sitting on hot embers and fire.
9: Four men in room working on a computer.
9: A computer and book sitting on top of a desk in a very pristine office.
9: A dog is observing a small cake, probably for it. 
9: A street light and street sign in Thai writing on a city street with an overpass behind it.
9: A man is wearing a sweatshirt and a scarf.
9: A team of soccer players playing a game on a field.
9: A picture of a person on his cell phone.
9: An airplane parked at a airport terminal under gray skies.
9: a parking lot with a few cars in it
9: a male with a purple jacket on skies  posing for a picture
9: a runway that has a bunch of airplanes on it
9: Sheep grazing in a lush, green field on a lavish farm estate
9: Two teams in uniforms playing soccer in a field.
9: A young girl in the sand flying a kite.
9: a man is playing tennis on a court
9: A person is standing on a surf board by some boats.
9: A toy train runs along an outdoor track.
9: Three guys walking in the water as a Frisbee heads toward them. 
9: a small brown steeple with two white clocks
9: A tiled bathroom with a bright red mirror.
9: Two passenger trains on opposite tracks speeding down the tracks.
9: The cat is relaxing in the bathroom sink.
9: Man with ponytail digging out condiment for sandwich in hand
9: Black and white photo of people leaving an area.
9: Everyone is loading up on the buses and ready to go.
9: there is a small table with tea cups and three chairs around it
9: A guy playing a chess board with a cat across from him.
9: Food on a paper towel with a beer.
9: A large truck on the side of the road.
9: A man on a tennis court with spectators in the background.
9: Birds are flocked on a rocky area by a body of water.
9: A dog with a hat on it's butt sniffing someone's shoe.
9: The woman is riding the white horse while spectators watch.
9: A female firefighter is in her gear, standing next to a firetruck.
9: a man pushing a cart filled with assorted fruit and veggies on it 
9: There were a flock of sheep walking down the road together.
9: A fire hydrant in front of a wall with a barred window.
9: Several white computers are on a glass table.
9: A computer keyboard on top of a wooden desk.
9: The bench next to the building has wooden planks and a metal frame. 
9: A little brown dog rests on a pillow with a toy banana beside it. 
9: A a city street crowded with street cars 
9: A zebra eating grass near a bunch of rocks.
9: A man in a coat playing a game with a remote controller.
9: A railroad crossing with the gate down as a train goes by.
9: A man holds up a ski and a pole.
9: A surfer riding waves in the middle of the ocean.
9: A man on a horse, riding through water.
9: a collage of photos with cherries a mixture and a mixer
9: A woman has purple paint on her body as she stands under an umbrella.
9: An empty room with a neatly made queen bed. 
9: An irregularly shaped pizza is placed in between two forks
9: Mountains and terrain seen from above by plane
9: A bicycle is parked next to a building with bricked up windows.
9: Oranges and onions shaped to look like a person's face. 
9: The bathroom features upgraded and high cost finishes.
9: This bathroom has a sink and a shower
9: A man on a bike in the reflection of a car mirror
9: a public transit bus on a city street
9: Two men are both trying to catch a frisbee.
9: An older woman and a young woman eating at a table.
9: A busy city street is lit up by vehicles and building lights
9: a tall clock tower with a sky in the background
9: A person in a helmet is eating a snack, with a glass of water, in front of her blue parked bike. 
9: A person holding an umbrella to the side walking down the street. 
9: A high speed photo of a moving object. 
9: The kids are playing Frisbee inside the school gym. 
9: A fire truck makes its way through a crowd of people
9: One train is passing very close to another.
9: A man standing on a surfboard while riding a wave.
9: A person walking a bike along a parking lot.
9: A picture of a living room with a red couch.
9: a cowboy with his hat in the saddle of a horse 
9: Someone is walking through water holding a surfboard.
9: Pink, yellow, and green flowers sitting in a glass vase on a bookshelf. 
9: A white toilet in a black bathroom with a phone on the wall.
9: A cow and calf grazing along the sea shore.
9: Two women posing for a photo with drinks in hand.
9: A sandwich on a sesame seed bun next to a pile of french fries and a cup of ketchup.
9: a close up of a cat on a bed next to a laptop
9: A stone entryway that is topped with a clock tower 
9: a cat chasing its toy in an awkward position
9: a puffed pastry, bread with a sauce and broccoli sit on a plate
9: A kite is being flown by two people.
9: A man taking a hot pot out of the oven.
9: a couple of tents are put up outside
9: A woman playing with a dog while another person is skiing.
9: A plate that has a pizza on it.
9: a woman is bending over and standing next to a dog 
9: A picture of a cell phone and a knitted cell phone cover. 
9: A group of people with skis riding down a snowy slope.
9: Two giraffe standing on grass near a rocky wall.
9: A child looks on in amusement while holding a baseball bat. 
9: a city street with stop signs brick buildings and cars
9: A tall pink pillar sitting inside of a building.
9: A green and two red double decker tour buses.
9: Two bears investigate a small stream in a wooded area.
9: The subject in this black and white photo is making a face to show some type of disgust or dismay.
9: The man is holding an object in his hand.
9: Dessert at a restaurant is two small pieces of cake with wine.
9: Microwave with door open and a pyrex measuring cup inside.
9: A pie with a slice cut out of it, and that slice placed in the front of it.
9: A kitchen has a stove, microwave, and a refrigerator of similar design. 
9: A woman sitting on a bench next to her bike.
9: Two cats looking out a window at a squirrel in the snow.
9: A group of people play soccer on a field.
9: A bunch of students with laptops inside of a lecture theater of some sort.
9: A man wearing a striped tie with a black blazer
9: A bushel of oranges have stickers on them.
9: A colorful garden with purple and white flowers.
9: Two adults sit at a table with a child nearby in a room full of kids.
9: A man standing next to a horse being ridden by a young boy. 
9: A hand grasps a knife and holds it against an object.
9: A long train moving on the tracks by a lake.
9: a bed a dresser a lamp and a window
9: Three stop signs in the middle of a street
9: Man with yellow helmet riding a yellow motorcycle
9: A herd of elephants walking in a wooded area.
9: A person who is in the snow skiing.
9: There are lots and lots of suitcases stacked up together.
9: a construction truck dumping snow into another truck
9: Autograph picture of a baseball player holding a bat. 
9: people are playing baseball one boy is running to another base
9: Large teddy bear with smaller on in lap sitting on rocking chair.
9: A batter, catcher, and umpire in a baseball game. 
9: Soldiers celebrating a very special occasion with friends and fellow soldiers.
9: A red fire hydrant surrounded by yellow pillars
9: A child with snow sleds smiles in the snow.
9: Two giraffe and a zebra are standing in a field.
9: a room with a sink and a bathtub and towels 
9: The diner is getting ready to eat his hot dog and fries.
9: A white and red bus driving down a busy street.
9: A young boy at a baseball game as the batter.
9: This is a picture of a fearless wind surfer
9: A street sign that is called Warning taken from a car.
9: an old fashion double oven cook stove with a griddle 
9: A group of people feeding several giraffes outside 
9: A large sign that arches over a city street.
9: A kitchen with white appliances and tile flooring
9: A person in the water being pulled by a kite.
9: A person riding on a surfboard in the ocean.
9: A person that is walking down the street.
9: a person riding a snow board on a snowy slope
9: A motorcycle racer coming around a turn on a green bike.
9: A person sitting on the corner underneath a stop sign.
9: Two people on boards wind surfing in the water.
9: a man standing in a costume talking on a cell phone
9: A man swinging a bat on top of a baseball field.
9: A motorcycle with a side car parked in the grass.
9: a cat laying next to a shoe on the ground
9: A dog with it's eyes closed, resting it's head on the side of a pool of water.
9: A fire effect has been superimposed on a city street scene.
9: A couple of  reddish brownish cows on a grassy pasture.
9: An elephant standing in the grass by itself.
9: A skier stands at the top of a snowy mountain.
9: a herd of sheep graze on some grass 
9: a man standing on his motorcycle by the road 
9: Many large scissors sit on a tray on a table.
9: some cars driving the road that goes under an underpass
9: A girl is blowing out some candles on a cake.
9: A detailed close up view of ripe fruit.
9: A grassy field with a bunch of cows around.
9: A clean white bathroom includes are circular shower curtain holder over a larger tub for half privacy.
9: A baseball pitcher that is winding up to pitch the ball.
9: Office supplies placed on a black cloth next to a ruler.
9: Someone playing a videogame on a medium sized television. 
9: A boat sailing in a body of water near a bridge.
9: a bed room with two beds and lamps
9: Yellow frisbee sitting on the ground on a grassy field. 
9: A group of police officers on motorcycles in a parade.
9: a very large airplane that is on a runway
9: A small kitchen with a washer and dryer in the middle of it.
9: Cat asleep on top of a black car in a downtown area. 
9: A laptop sits in front of a bigger monitor. 
9: a large group of motorcycles in a parking l
9: A cruise ship sits off of a beach. 
9: a street that has a bunch of motorcycles in it
9: The young woman is talking on her cel phone.
9: a number of birds standing near one another 
9: A tabletop view of wine glasses in a dining room.
9: A train traveling down tracks next to a building.
9: An old gray parking meter with the word hour on it.
9: A small figurine of a unicorn on a cloud
9: Luggage on the floor opened to show it's stuffed contents
9: a blurry photo of a tennis racquet and a tennis ball
9: A cat watching a Computer screen with a Man on it
9: a plate of fried fish and macaroni on a table.
9: Several zebras eating grass in a wildlife park
9: An assortment of different fruits laying in two rows on a tray
9: A man standing in front of an open refrigerator.
9: there is a lighter and a phone on a desk
9: a young person on a city street holding something
9: A girl is sleeping in a bed with the light on.
9: A fire hydrant near a small, old barn.
9: A basic cafeteria breakfast on a plastic tray
9: The school bus is going over the bridge with the rest of the traffic. 
9: A boy playing wii in the living room while several other children watch.
9: a pink building that has a cow next to it
9: A toilet paper dispenser on a tiled wall next to a toilet
9: A man is standing in the grass throwing a frisbee.
9: A man in helmet holding the reigns to a kite.
9: A young boy that is sitting under a blue umbrella. 
9: Two men in orange vests are next to a train.
9: Van drives by a bus sitting at the curb
9: The airplane is sitting and waiting for the passengers.
9: A little girl has a bag of chips and a boy is smiling at her
9: a girl entering a train waiving goodbye during the day.
9: A picture of a neatly made bed in a home.
9: A clear vase contains some white pretty flowers.
9: A pitcher about to let the ball fly toward the opposing team's batter.
9: A young man is brushing his teeth you can see his face in the mirror.
9: a woman in a hat walks a bycicle
9: A large, totally black horse standing in a field.
9: A group of people standing on a  beach riding surfboards.
9: Cows resting in fresh straw bays at a rodeo
9: A red umbrella sitting above a garden next to a building.
9: Two players in a soccer match watched by fans in the stadium.
9: white horse with saddle on overlooks a river
9: a man in white is swinging a tennis racket
9: A group of people riding on the back of an elephant.
9: a snowboarder is coming down a hill and some trees
9: Everyone is by the red umbrellas on the corner.
9: A man carrying a load of bananas through the marketplace on his bike.
9: A zebra is standing in a field of dry grass.
9: Children trying little hamburgers from a tray at school
9: A dog resting his head on a pillow in a window.
9: a small child with a baseball mitt standing next to an older man outdoors in front of shrubbery.
9: A dog is patiently waiting in a truck.
9: two dogs laying down in a pillow on a wooden floor
9: A herd of elephants next to pavilions and a body of water.
9: a person standing on a skateboard and performing a stunt.
9: Peas, shoestring carrots, and broccoli in a pile.
9: Asmsall boy sits in a chair getting his hair cut
9: Different angles of a person who is using a snowboard. 
9: a woman waiting on the platform for a train
9: An elephant carries two tanks while being ridden.
9: Motorcycle parked along brick paved street with shops.
9: There is a snowy mountain range covered in trees
9: a mens bathroom with a bunch of urinals and large sink in the center

9: A large clock standing among a building with a lamp in the from of the picture
9: a little back kitten standing in a designer purse
9: A couple of dining trucks are in a parking lot while some people stand or sit in chairs.
9: A group of giraffes standing in dirt field with trees in background.
9: A clock outside a restaurant that says "Fatso's feeding the people."
9: a tabby cat sitting ion the floor next to some bottles.
9: A woman holding some pink items while cradling a pole.
9: A pair of cruising motorcycles seem from above parked on black asphalt.
9: We see a street sign with houses in the background.
9: A teddy bear sits on the bed in a colorful children's room.
9: A man in an old-fashioned solider outfit sits on top of a horse. 
9: People eating at an outdoor restaurant next to water.
9: Two truck cabs facing each other on a road. 
9: an orange and black motorcycle parked next to some water
9: A pair of green sneakers on a single bed with a nightstand next to it
9: A picture of a person playing in a tennis game.
9: a public bus taking a left turn on the road
9: The front of a boat with a view of the ocean and land. 
9: A woman touching the cheek of a giraffe.
9: Plated food items displayed on large black table.
9: Man tending to small boat on large waterway.
9: A person with an umbrella is walking down the sidewalk.
9: A white plate topped with two pieces of food next to white dishes.
9: A tennis player starts to hit the ball with the racket
9: some cut up fruit is sitting in a blender
9: A woman laying in bed next to a cat.
9: The colorful umbrella sits in front of the lavender building.
9: A Hyundai vehicle is following a city bus.
9: A woman in grassy field with three dogs.
9: FISHERMAN WITH A POLE HOLDING NEEDLE NOSE PLIERS
9: A woman holding and  kissing a black pet cat
9: A girl on a field with a tennis racket.
9: a close up of a person holding a sandwich
9: There is a clock tower on the building.
9: a beagle with a blue pack on walking through leaves
9: A new kitchen doesn't have the countertops yet.
9: a person standing holding a kite near water
9: A sign indicates when parking is off limits on West 25 1/2 street.
9: The ball player is sliding in to home plate.
9: A white-and-black cat sitting on top of a laptop.
9: A keyboard and a computer mouse on a surface.
9: Some people sitting on benches in a park. 
9: Two bowls of salads on top of a dinner table
9: The young child is standing beside two soccer balls. 
9: There are cranes in the water and a boat in the distance. 
9: A photograph of a clock at an arcade.
9: a living room with a cat sitting on the carpet 
9: View of three pieces of a bathroom in tons of beige.
9: A man riding a skateboard down a metal hand rail next to some buildings.
9: A man sitting on a carriage being drawn by two horses near a crowd of people. 
9: A giraffe standing alone in a green area in the wild.
9: Boats on a river in a city near a bridge.
9: A skinny kitchen with a visible fridge, microwave and sink.
9: a young girl plays tennis with a woman on an asphalt court
9: a white cake is by a bunch of flowers
9: a metal pole with a single sign is next to a wood pole with many signs
9: A vase full of irises with a pitcher on an end table
9: A young boy holds a remote control to his face.
9: A hotel suite with double beds in the room
9: A bird that is walking in some grass.
9: A colorful display of kites flying above a city park.
9: The snowboarder is talking to his friend in the snow.
9: A street post with several street signs pointing the way.
9: A double decker bus parked by a sidewalk.
9: A bull standing near a donkey on a mountain top.
9: A flower that has already bloomed in the sun.
9: The living room, dining room, and part of kitchen are shown
9: two people use their cell phones to connect with each other
9: a number of lego toys near a laptop
9: a person that is skateboarding on a ramp
9: Half of a pizza sitting on a surface.
9: While in the immediate foreground juts a gnarled tree branch, the majority of the view consists of a an expanse  of short grass dotted with a few longer tufts and  a number  of scattered, grazing sheep. 
9: a young baseball player throwing a pitch from the pitchers mound
9: Two horses with saddles are galloping close together.
9: An online game player playing while two other men look on.
9: a smorgasbord filled with different kinds of pizzas 
9: A person on a skateboard on a ramp.
9: A bus is stopped on the side of a road.
9: A white and tabby striped cat sits on a kitchen counter amidst a scissors, napkins, and a plastic bin of items.
9: A mother and baby elephant are drinking at a watering hole.
9: A group of boats are enjoying riding on the sea.
9: A group of people wait along a busy road in the city. 
9: Mannin a brown outfit standing in front of a red and white fire hydrant. 
9: Over ten men pushing a charter bus with a woman watching.
9: Three women out in nature taking pictures with phones.
9: A small dog laying on a lounge chair in the den.
9: Children are listening to an instructor giving a tennis lesson. 
9: A man crossing the street in front of a bus stop.
9: A group of men dressed in red and blue shirts plays Frisbee.
9: A piece of broccoli on top of a cheesy dish.
9: A man in blue has a white frisbee by signs.
9: A group of people dressed in black preparing food.
9: A downhill skier stands at the bottom of the slope on a sunny day.
9: two people on skis make their way through shallow snow 
9: A herd of sheep with two sherds moving down a road in the mountains.
9: Two cars and out on the street going through a tunnel.
9: A batter hit the ball and begins to run to the base
9: there is a very large assortment of different vegetables
9: A young woman ski is down a slope on the back of a sled.
9: pink floral tree next to a log cabin looking shed
9: a man standing in the middle of a tennis court with a large crowd watching 
9: A balck bear peeking out from behind a log.
9: A table with a blue cloth has several deserts on it such as a layer cake and a cheesecake.
9: A freshly cooked meal of meat and vegetables on a plate.
9: Two men on surfboards catch a breaking wave. 
9: A parking meter with a truck parked very close.
9: A meal with carrots and pickled beets sits on a table. 
9: A bus parked on the side of the road next to a bike.
9: A sideways picture shows two suitcases and flower pot.
9: A woman on a beach flying a kite.
9: An old photo of a street view with many cars parked.
9: A plate that has food inside of it.
9: A white microwave oven sitting next to a TV on a sidewalk.
9: A woman with a dog talking to two people sitting on a bench.
9: A bagel sandwich sitting on a square white plate.
9: baby lambs eating grass off the ground on a leach 
9: A man and woman sitting on a small couch while he works on a laptop.
9: A child sitting on a bed writing out cards.
9: a bread baked with cheese sits in a white dish on a tray
9: A piece of food on a white small plate.
9: A skateboarder is airborne above a ramp at an indoor skate park.
9: A white dog is leaning out of the window.
9: a red sign and a clock above a building
9: A woman standing near two pieces of luggage.
9: An old photo of several people on a train.
9: The people are walking down the track as the train arrives.  
9: a blue motor cycle and a black motor cycle
9: A large group of zebras in a open field.
9: A bathroom that has a be-day next to the toilet.
9: A woman kissing a baby giraffe on it's face.
9: Girl riding bike over a bridge with lots of people.
9: Two cows have placed their heads to one another.
9: The fireplug is the dominant element with the architecturally interesting building in the background.
9: A jet that is flying in the sky.
9: Flowers in a paper that is silver and standing.
9: a man with two little children on a couch
9: A kitchen with an oven, fridge and bowls on the table
9: A vase full of pink flowers sitting on a table.
9: Traffic lights and camera under a stormy sky.
9: A group of black and white spotted cows in green grass.
9: Two skateboarders with camera equipment in a cement ditch.
9: Leafy bath mats are on the floor in the bathroom.
9: A group of young people learning something outdoors.
9: two men on a grassy field playing soccer
9: A number of surfboards lined up in a store. 
9: a black and white photo of a person with a doughnut
9: Bright orange bathroom with spackling on the walls.
9: A large fancy chandelier hanging over a room full of furniture.
9: A yellow finch perched on a white fence.
9: a half eaten pizza sits on a table top
9: Vehicles driving and parked on a street in the rain.
9: There is a picture of a zebra standing in dirt
9: A man pushing a dolly across a street next to a stop sign.
9: Camera in hand he is getting directions to the event.
9: Batter taking swing at ball during televised baseball game.
9: A kitchen scene with a refrigerator being installed.
9: Simple office with red chair and wooden table.
9: two stop signs and flashing lights at a service station
9: Men are playing soccer while a crowd watches.
9: Two little boys eating pizza and soda at school.
9: A public park with a green bench during the day.
9: A young man in shorts stands in a room with a body board.
9: A man is playing tennis on a tennis court.
9: The surfer is on the surfboard riding a wave.
9: A baseball player is taking swings in the on-deck circle.
9: A dog laying on the floor of a tiled hallway.
9: A bathroom that has a complex looking toilet in it.
9: some people playing in a park with a kite
9: There are several plates with different pastries on the plate
9: The young baseball player swings high at the oncoming pitch for a strike.
9: A dog stands on top of a table in front of a group.
9: A woman is riding her bike alongside a busy street.
9: A small van painted in silver glitter paint parked next to a double decker bus.
9: A man white and yellow umbrella walking in the rain.
9: a kitchen with a  white stove, patterned wall paper and wooden cabinets.
9: Two men in business suits stand next to each other in an office. 
9: FOUR SKI COMPETITORS WALKING UP A SKI SLOPE.
9: A table with a bowl of food, sandwich and wine glass sitting on it in a restaurant.
9: a couple of cars are parked outside a church
9: a man wearing an apron in an industrial kitchen reaching for a pot
9: A desk with many books and pictures on it.
9: A photo of a couple singing karaoke. 
9: A man is windsurfing on a sunny day.
9: a male tennis player in a white shirt playing tennis
9: An Oriental cook wearing an orange jumpsuit, removes the lid from a large wok to use chopsticks to stir the food on a burner
9: a man in uniform stands in front of some food 
9: A person is flying a kite in the city.
9: a man that is on a surfboard in some water
9: A black and red cellphone on a wooden table.
9: Two sandwiches with toasted bread set on a baking sheet that has tinfoil over it.
9: A motor cycle parked inside of a store near the entrance.
9: Pairs of vegetables sitting on top of a red cutting board. 
9: A black-and-white photo of people at the beach.
9: Two women playing a video game in a booth
9: a big parking with a bunch of cars parked in it
9: A bus driving down the street beside a taxi cab.
9: A pitcher throwing a ball at a baseball game.
9: A sandwich with mustard and potato chips on wax paper and a glass.
9: A couple of people at a deli restaurant.
9: A baseball player gesturing at the umpire during a game.
9: a cat with his mouth open yawning showing its front teeth 
9: A woman cleaning items in front of a large oven.
9: The verdant valley and stream are home to this mother and baby sheep.
9: A person stands in the snow holding a snowboard.
9: Young man in dark pants and shirt with his tie undone.
9: A man in blue shorts on surfboard riding a wave.
9: The skier is wearing a bright red snowsuit as she skis. 
9: A man in a kitchen adding ingredients to a mixer
9: some baseball players a batter catcher and an umpire
9: The carcass of an animal is lying on a beach.
9: A cat is look out the window through blinds. 
9: An orange vase full of flowers with an orange floor and a brown stripe.
9: A bed sitting under a window in a bedroom.
9: a fire truck with some flags going down the road 
9: A living space with a blend of elegant vintage decor and modern style.    
9: A person up in the air on a snowboard.
9: A plate with an ice cream dessert on it 
9: A white toilet sits on gray concrete in an outdoor setting.
9: The people are standing in front of displays of computer hardware.
9: Two stain glass windows on an old brick structure.
9: A bus driving down a street past parked cars.
9: A group of women eating at a dinner table and conversating.
9: A bunch of people in swimsuits next to rows of surfboards laying in the sand.
9: A bedroom has green walls and white windows
9: A dog rests curled up under a desk, behind a chair.
9: three people sitting at a table with a pizza in front of them
9: Two cows and a calf are grazing on dry grass.
9: A table with a plate of dinner and something to drink. 
9: a double deckered bus on a city street
9: an image of split screen images of chocolate batter
9: Plate with vegetables and open book on stand
9: A teddy bear sitting on a toilet in an enclosed stage.
9: A white plate containing salmon, rice, and broccoli. 
9: a close up of a cat on top of a door 
9: A person in motorcycle apparel from the back, standing in front of a person in motorcycle apparel on a motorcycle from the side, on pave surface by water.
9: a picnic table sitting in a spot with a good view of the ocean 
9: Multiple street lights sitting on the same street post. 
9: double decker busses sit inside a mainstance station
9: Two men play a video game while an infant plays with toys nearby.
9: Hoofed animals are outnumbered by a massive congregation of flamingos.
9: The room has a partition seperating a couch from the bed.
9: Two professional baseball players talking on the field.
9: All of the donuts each have a different flavor of icing.
9: A marina at night has several boats docked in it.
9: A small train is traveling in front of the building. 
9: A little girl with a stamp on her hand stands beside a fire hydrant.
9: THIS IS A PHOTO OF A POLAR BEAR INSIDE HIS ENCLOSURE
9: The adult zebra has shades of brown in it's stripes.
9: A woman is standing on the beach with dogs.
9: A lady is walking down a tall narrow set of steps alongside a building.
9: A clean kitchen counter contains only a crock pot, a blender and a bottle of cooking oil.
9: two cats in a room next to a white wall 
9: there is a street sigh next to the traffic light
9: The young people are using their cell phones.
9: A dog sitting on a car dashboard looking at a camera
9: A GIRL PLAYING WITH A RED FRISBEE OUTSIDE AT THE PARK 
9: a plane in the air with a trail of smoke
9: a person running on a street while it rains
9: A bridge over water in front of a castle with a clock.
9: A large dog sleeps on a duvet comforter. 
9: Dinner is fish with a side of carrots and a hot roll.
9: A man rides an elephant into a river.
9: Two small children are skiing down a snow hill.
9: An umpire is talking with two players on different teams.
9: Large boats are docked in a harbor under a cloudy blue sky.
9: A red fire-hydrant in a park of some sort.
9: A cell phone sits on a desk next to a green box.
9: Two ponies together standing on a mountainous terrain.
9: Woman holding up a baby carrot inside an empty restaurant. 
9: A laptop, mouse, and organizer sitting on a desk.
9: A stop sign and street signs near mountains.
9: A man playing tennis going high for the ball.
9: Bikes lined up on a bike rack beside cars on the street. 
9: A rainy picture of three red double deck buses on a street.
9: A giraffe is walking around in daytime traffic.
9: there is a large room with many beds in it
9: A cell phone laying in front of a woven clutch.
9: A white apple computer and keyboard on desk.
9: Having some Broccoli and mushrooms for dinner.  
9: A computer set up on the desk with two monitors and a speaker.
9: a child and a woman in bed with a book
9: A large white polar bear swimming in a lake on it's head.
9: A desk is shown with two computers by a window.
9: Foreign train pulling into the train station for some passengers
9: A view of the city's skyline through a clock. 
9: A woman is getting ready to hit a tennis ball.
9: Searchlights in front view and a plane on a wide runway in the background.
9: A plane taking in the view of a mountainside.
9: Three young men are posing with skateboards. 
9: Young man carrying orange kite walking over a hill during sun rise.
9: A bathroom with a long fancy black counter next to a big long mirror. 
9: A man standing next to a street near a street sign.
9: Light and medium colored dog near flying disc taking a rest.
9: A living room is shown with a seating and lamps.
9: Oranges in a grocery store by a large scale.
9: Small plane and attendant at airfield on clear day.
9: Three giraffes on a green field with sand, rocks and trees
9: A person pierces the top of a cake with a fork
9: a beach with a bunch of lawn chairs on it
9: The woman is outside using her laptop. 
9: a young girl holding onto a teddy bear that wears a shirt
9: two people playing a video game with remote controls
9: A hoagie with meat, onions, mustard, ketchup, and relish.
9: Two children with baseball mitts and a ball.
9: two men in white shirts in a large steel kitchen
9: a couple of people that are cutting a piece of cake
9: A couple of guys playing a game of baseball on a dirt field.
9: A woman sitting on a couch drinking bacardi with smeared mascara
9: A man is on a bench in front of a steple tower.
9: A computer is left on in front of a bookshelf
9: A person on her cell phone in a large crowd of people.
9: A man stands with his motorcycle in a colorful arena.
9: A large plane flying in the sky with a yellow and orange background.
9: A laptop and other electronics sitting on a desk
9: A brown and gold antique vase being displayed.
9: A boy is playing baseball with his grandpa on the driveway.
9: Two giraffes sitting in front of a tree together.
9: A zebra patterned set of hair brushes sitting on each other.
9: A man pulling a tie out of his mouth.
9: Man walking on the sidewalk while holding up an umbrella
9: A blurred man on a bicycle next to two smaller blurred figures.
9: a man in tennis gear holding a tennis racket on a tennis court
9: A man combing a little girls hair on a bed.
9: The young boy is playing baseball in the field. 
9: tables and chairs and closed umbrellas next to a beach.
9: A large dog is laying on the floor
9: A jumbo jet plane in flight with a city in the background.
9: A woman is reviewing an order with two others.
9: A car that is sitting near a green street light.
9: A man that is standing in the dirt with a bat.
9: A girl and her dog walk past a bike.
9: A motorcycle parked behind a one way stop sign.
9: A private airplane loading four passengers on a tarmac.
9: A weird looking tree filled with little miniature bananas.
9: Fall foliage on display along the waterfront of a park.
9: an image of a woman about to eat a slice of cake
9: Two men playing video games together in a room
9: A young boy is holding a skateboard in the street.
9: A time lapse image of a city street.
9: an adult man skiing down a mountain near evergreen trees
9: Salad greens in white bowls surrounded by fresh veggies and herbs. 
9: A man is holding his little boy while he learns how to ski.
9: A grey cat standing in a window with grey lining.
9: Three children and one adult are lying on a bed reading.
9: A laptop sitting on top of a toilet in a room.
9: A train is shown next to a wall.
9: A man in a leather outfit standing by a motorcycle.
9: A military jet flying overhead in the sky
9: The men are enjoying the very large pizzas.
9: A street sign reads "Hollywood Bl" below a palm tree.
9: An old city building with a spire at night.
9: Some people are laughing while at a dinner.
9: A person wearing a wetsuit riding a wave in the ocean
9: A grassy field with kites being flown above
9: A cat stands in the refrigerator with an apple in front of it.
9: One tennis player watches another player hit a forehand.
9: A surfer riding on top of the waves at the ocean. 
9: A man is standing next to an ice cream truck.
9: Two people walking on the beach, with one carrying a surfboard.
9: A clock has birds for each hour to mark the day.
9: Two zebras standing in zoo display, near public fence.
9: 2 people stand in a field holding up a huge kite
9: there are two blur bullet trains on the tracks
9: Many speedboats are travelling through the water near sailboats.
9: Two men standing together looking at a cell phone.
9: very many trains  at the railway station to their directions
9: Young lady sitting cross-legged on a wall texting
9: Two girls soccer teams are playing a game of soccer.
9: A person on skis being watched by a crowd of people. 
9: This photo shows three motorcycles on display in a building.
9: A glass filled with alcohol sitting on a white table.
9: Two men is orange jackets sit on a bench.
9: Cows are visible in pens through a doorway.
9: A couch, chair, and suitcase sitting on the curb.
9: A bus on a small boat on the ground outside.
9: A man sitting on a pillar talking on the phone
9: Several people on snow skis lean against a snow bank..
9: A man riding on the back of a motorcycle down a street.
9: An older man is holding luggage outside a transport center
9: A woman sitting at a table with a birthday cake in front of her.
9: Two people are pausing for a moment on the slopes.
9: A cat sitting in a window seal at a home. 
9: Fishermen stand among hundreds of boats on the shore.
9: 2 ponies stand amongst many plants, behind a fence.
9: A hot dog with bacon and mustard packs. 
9: A young man with brown hair wearing a neck tie.
9: A bunch of happy looking people posing in a big room.
9: A bowl of several different types of vegetables.
9: Man wearing slacks and tie sitting in chair.
9: A dog snuggled under covers in a bed.
9: A female tennis player standing at the baseline of the tennis court and holding her racquet with two hands.
9: A dog that is sitting down in a backseat.
9: A man is sitting at a table with bottles on it smiling.
9: the oranges are all on the table with a banana
9: A mother and child holding remotes playing a video game.
9: A white horse peers out of a stall where a white dog relaxes below
9: a pizza with big slices of tomatoes and white cheese
9: A boy is doing a trick on a skateboard
9: A truck is parked in front of a parking meter. 
9: A cat stares at itself in a mirror. 
9: A man is laying on a small bench
9: The view from the seat of a plane in flight.
9: Two giraffes stand closely with their heads close together.
9: a bike shop with various bikes in it
9: A craft table with craft supplies on it.
9: A quiet intersection devoid of pedestrian or motor traffic.
9: A tabby cat sitting on the toilet in a bathroom.
9: A purse, laptop, iPod, cell phone, coins, earphones and a pencil laying on a bed.
9: a young baseball player with a bat on the field 
9: ladies holding an umbrella covering themselves from rain
9: A boat is docked right next to a large building.
9: A bunch of different flowers that are laying on a table.
9: Woman sitting on the bus with her dog next to her in other seat
9: a person flying a kite near a tree
9: A fried chicken sandwich on multi-grain bread with lettuce, tomato, and cheese.
9: A BATHROOM WITH A TUB AND SHADES ON WOODEN FLOORS
9: A black dog has just captured a Frisbee using its mouth.
9: a fireplace some logs a basket and a table
9: A woman walking on a stone wall near two giraffes and a zebra.
9: A plate containing a serving of broccoli, cooked meat, and sauteed mushrooms.
9: A white table with a plate of food that includes orange and egg.
9: The woman is riding her horse threw the course. 
9: A woman throwing a frisbee while standing in the field
9: Living room with fireplace and low back chairs.
9: A youth soccer game is being played with a standoff for the ball.
9: A bright orange sign showing the way to a detour.
9: Man moving into picture while riding a motorcycle
9: an old woman standing besides an elephant smiling
9: A man looking down at an open laptop.
9: Three people playing baseball in a pitch with bat and gloves
9: an image of a truck carrying a boat on it
9: a dog laying on a sheet on the floor indoors
9: a hair dresser using scissors to cut hair 
9: A person on skis standing on a snow covered slope in front of trees.
9: The surfer is ready to tackle the wave,
9: A yellow and green train is coming down the track.
9: One large elephant holds up his trunk near a herd of elephants that includes several, small baby elephants.
9: A plane parked on the cement with road cones around it.
9: A man doing a leap on a skateboard on a city sidewalk.
9: Street view of a big with building with a blue sky.
9: A close up shot of a tennis racket striking a tennis ball
9: Several boats docked at a pier in the water. 
9: A lady in a white dress posing with an umbrella.
9: A front view of a jet airliner with wheels down and stairs extended.
9: a group of friends sitting on a mountain posing for a picture 
9: A softball player hitting a ball in an organized game.
9: A yellow warning sign on a street pole.
9: A basket of fries and a basket with a hot dog with tomatoes and pickle.
9: Several different zebras standing in the tall grass.
9: people standing around in the snow with some snowboards 
9: A woman taking a bite out of a cut orange.
9: The woman is playing tennis on the court 
9: A man sitting at a table in front of cell phones.
9: A man looking up while he flies his kite in the air

9: Several cows are seen looking at the camera while in their pen.
9: A man with a bat getting read to swing.
9: The backside of two giraffes that are standing together.
9: A bus with a horse painted on the side.
9: A sliced banana with grapes, kiwi, strawberries and melon.
9: A man that is sitting at a desk with a pen and laptop.
9: a couple of fighter jets flying through the blue sky 
9: A group of military officers cutting a cake
9: Group sitting inside a cafeteria having a meal.
9: A half pizza with toppings next to a drink on the table. 
9: Some donut are on a round white plate.
9: A green box to drop mail into covered with graffiti 
9: A group of scooters rides down a street
9: A man in black jacket on snowboard on top of hill next to trees.
9: A man rared back with a disc on a field.
9: a four poster bed covered with red and green curtains behind a man
9: A person is surfing on a medium sized wave.
9: Two adults sit next to a small child on a park bench. 
9: People enjoying winter pleasures at a ski resort
9: a big glass bowl with fruit in it
9: A bunch of ornate lanterns are hanging on the cieling
9: A close up view of a man's hands as he operates a smart phone.
9: OUTSIDE PICNIC WITH LOTS OF CHILDREN AND A CHOCOLATE CAKE
9: A dog is investigating a box of dog biscuits.
9: A man taking a bite of a doughnut while wearing glasses.
9: A woman staring at a wine glass she holds in her hand.
9: A stop sign that has a sticker on it.
9: A boat that is in a body of water.
9: A picture of a wave at the ocean.
9: a lady is holding a banana sandwich on checkered paper
9: A man throws a ball up in the air.
9: A boy riding a stake board on a street.
9: The painting shows a naked woman using her laptop.
9: Zebra grazing while standing in zoo pen enclosure.
9: A bunch of people posing for a group photo in business attire. 
9: a person attemping a skateboard trick in the driveway
9: A police officer eating a couple of donuts off a huge tray of them
9: A shiny silver and red motorcycle are parked in the grass.
9: a train covered in black dirt sitting in a fancy train station
9: a little mouse swimming in a white toilet 
9: The person skis along a narrow, snowy path.
9: a man that is walking down the street with a umbrella
9: a big propeller plan flying through the air 
9: A dog sitting in the lap of a woman.
9: a person riding a skateboard on a ledge
9: A man that is on a tennis court with a racquet.
9: A woman holds up her phone to take a picture.
9: a bird in the branches of a tree
9: A group of sheep walking down a path with a few stopping to eat grass along the side.
9: A toilet in a bathroom next to a sink.
9: A long canoe paddled along by a large group of people. 
9: A slender vase holding a pink flower in window.
9: A refrigerator outside on the grass with writing on it
9: A person is flipping off a parking meter.
9: An ambulance bus with the door open sits on the street.
9: The baseball player is standing in the outfield. 
9: a man sitting down holding a puppy .
9: The table of food features a variety of choices.
9: a big building with a clock at the top of it 
9: YELLOW AND BROWN TRAIN ON THE TRACKS LOOKS IT HAS EYES
9: a man looking out in to the water with a factory on the other side
9: A very sleek styled train near a platform.
9: A living room with TV and entertainment center beside a sculpture of a torso.
9: a close up of some elephants with tusks
9: A black and white picture of a man with an umbrella standing in front of a truck.
9: Man flips while surfing on a surfboard in the water.
9: A bathroom with all white fixtures and a wood floor.
9: The young woman is seated at the table for lunch, holding a hotdog.
9: An older large green and yellow trash truck driving down a busy street.
9: A bathroom sits off the side of a kitchen in close proximity to the refrigerator.
9: very many cyclists on the race with helmets on
9: a man is riding a snowboard on a hill
9: Bananas, organic cinnamon, and honey on a plate.
9: a woman is outside fixing up a couple umbrellas
9: A baseball hat on top of a baseball glove in the sand.
9: The man in the red tie is putting on his glasses.
9: The airplane is flying low over the water.
9: A black and red train engine next to train station.
9: an image of a plates of food at a Mexican restaurant
9: A church with three spires stands in a square.
9: A train on a curved track near trees and shrubs.
9: A motorcyclist rounds a corner as his partner hangs off the bike.
9: Elephants walking in a line in the wild 
9: A small tablet computer next to a larger monitor and keyboard.
9: a street sign is hanging on a pole outside
9: A person skiing down a hill with goggles on.
9: an image of a kid with a parent shopping
9: Two men standing by a corner of a train car.
9: Some motorcyclists are driving down an empty road
9: A group of people venturing out on a horseback ride.
9: A man riding a skateboard on a small rural road.
9: a woman in a chair covered in puppies
9: a print of a flower in a blue vase 
9: A large truck is opened on one side with huge boxes in it.
9: A lot of signposts pointing at different directions.
9: People are lined up on the beach on a cloudy day.
9: Two adult zebras and a baby zebra in a meadow by a forest.
9: A living room with a wooden table next to a kitchen.
9: A fighter jet flying low over a mountainous region.
9: a woman with an umbrella and a man taking pictures
9: A plate has oranges and bananas on it.
9: A produce market filled with fresh fruits and vegetables.
9: A skillet with potatoes, biscuit, eggs and ham.
9: A cheeseburger the size of a cake, with one slice missing shown on a separate plate.
9: A couple of people sitting on a bench by a tree.
9: A batter hits the ball during a Little League baseball game.
9: A bunch of unattended luggage sitting on the ground.
9: White microwave oven installed beneath cabinets in kitchens.
9: A black oven with an open door has a pot in it.
9: A table has a hot dog and french fries on it.
9: A couple of benches and a table with a umbrella near flowers.
9: A bag is sitting on a park bench next to a small luggage with an umbrella on top.
9: A beach with people in front of a city.
9: A man on a skateboard performs tricks on the edge of a sidewalk planter.
9: A man on a horse with a dog following behind him.
9: A skate boarder raises his hands while performing a stunt on a rail.
9: Several people eating dinner at tables in a conference room.
9: A pub lunch with a sandwich and beer. 
9: A baby in a bouncy seat chewing on a plastic toy.
9: The couch in this room is covered with a sheet. 
9: A cat sitting on top of a laptop computer on a desk.
9: A rusty old fire hydrant on the ground.
9: A bird is on the grass with a bunch of downy feathers.
9:  The lady is taking a picture while holding water.
9: Three stuffed teddy bears sitting in a suitcase with other items.
9: a silver oven a silver sink and a black stove
9: two signs that are advertising a mexican restaurant.
9: People walking in the rain in a park with umbrellas looking a the blossoms on the trees.
9: An empty green and blue room with a bed.
9: a girl in a white shirt is flying a red kite
9: a very big and hairly cat lying in the sun
9: There is broccoli on a plate with another vegetable that's been grilled.
9: A man and woman walking under and umbrella near other people in a plaza.
9: A USAF jet flying upside down in a blue sky
9: A man skis down a mountain covered in snow. 
9: A young woman standing on a sandy beach.
9: A man with his hair tied back prepares food. 
9: a plate of food features vegetables and meats.
9: A man that is sitting down with two laptops in front of him.
9: an old man next to a cow out side
9: two giraffe are walking across a field in nature
9: Small bowls of different colored vegetables next to each other. 
9: The kitchen counter and the island counter are made of marble.
9: A vase with red to orange flowers on a table
9: some parked motorcycles and people and a building
9: some people are out walking in the sand
9: A person is riding a small wave in the ocean.
9: an airplane that is on a empty runway
9: a woman is walking with a blue umbrella over her shoulder
9: A man stands wearing a dark suit and pink tie.
9: a large statute with a big building in the back ground
9: The bathroom has two sinks with bowl basins.
9: This looks like the front entrance to a school with a star put outside.
9: Two people hold up tennis racquets over a net.
9: A woman in black shirt holding a white steering wheel game controller.
9: a man tying a tie on a white shirt
9: A black cat sitting on stand in front of a window.
9: A man playing tennis is swinging his racket.
9: A white bear laying on top of a stony ground covered in filth.
9: Red crate being carried on a lift over water. 
9: A boy attempts a skateboard trick in a halfpipe.
9: a male skateboarder in a black shirt doing a trick
9: Men keep watch on a herd of goats.
9: An empty kitchen sink underneath a window, on the counter.
9: A jockey on a horse jumping over a hurdle
9: A dog looks up at a flying disk.
9: A vase filled with flowers is sitting on a table with a chicken. 
9: A picture of a scene in a baseball game.
9: A model train set with small model cars.
9: The man is doing tricks on his skateboard.
9: A woman with two children on skis on a hill.
9: Three teenagers are practicing playing soccer in the park.
9: A line at an airport with people and their luggage 
9: A center island with lots of chairs up against it's counters.
9: a man and a child are on a tennis court
9: A small bird standing on the snowy ground.
9: Luggage and a backpack on a mattress in an apartment
9: Suburban street scene showing a curve, houses, and cars in driveway.
9: Two people on a motorcycle with another motorcycle in background.
9: Menu, wine glass, and bottles of wine on a table.
9: two men riding in a cart attached to a horse 
9: A woman reaching for a tennis ball as a number of people watch her from behind a barrier.
9: A little girl tennis player is standing with a racket bigger than she is.
9: The large red stop sign is hanging up.
9: a man with a green hat is talking on a cellphone
9: A toilet in a tiny space with a roll of paper on the ledge
9: A man riding on a bicycle on a sidewalk
9: A baby in a green jumper holding a teddy bear.
9: A herd of zebra walking along a rural road next to a forest.
9: A man stands at home plate preparing to bat.
9: Two boats sit on the shore, as night fall rolls in.
9: The spire with the clock faces reaches towards the sky.
9: A mans toilet attached to a black pole.
9: there are many different street name signs on the same pole
9: A filtered image of a farm that features a horse and a box truck with a large American flag painted on it's side.
9: A woman is bent over next to a small refrigerator.
9: A shirtless boy flying by on his skate board.
9: A rider and horse are a third of the way into a jump.
9: A dog is sleeping inside of a suitcase.
9: A room with a flat screen TV, office chair and sink. 
9: The bar tender is pouring the man a glass of wine.
9: On this table there is three colored lights, an electronic switchboard and a remote control.
9: A man and a dog that are on a moped.
9: A person in a boat rowing away from shore.
9: A boy posing for a picture with his skateboard.
9: two horses pulling a car with a house in the background
9: A group of adults playing rock band with each other. 
9: A double decker transit bus parks by a blue on the side of the street in front of a brick building in the city.
9: A red train is parked on the tracks at night.
9: A person rides a bicycle down the road.
9: a worn teddy bear sitting on a table top.
9: A SIGN IWTH CARS PARKED ON THE STREET 
9: A living room with a couch, coffee table, TV on a stand and a chair with ottoman
9: A dog sitting on a bed between two white pillows.
9: A wooden bench sitting on the side of a road.
9: an artisitic shot of two expired parking meteres
9: A man is suspended from cables and has skis on his feet.
9: Large clock tower surrounded by a large metal fence. 
9: A laptop computer, cell phones and bananas on the table
9: The surfer is attempting to ride the low nwave.
9: A bunch of cows grazing in a field, during the day.
9: A man in glasses holding pastries on a stick
9: Large work trucks sitting on the side of the street.
9: There is a very dirty public toilet stall
9: View out a window of a train on one of several tracks.
9: Large white airplane with a green and yellow bus next to it. 
9: A couple of red traffic lights by a beach and a kite.
9: A street filled with people sitting on benches, walking and looking at cellphones.
9: Soldiers pose with pastry chefs with their cake creations.
9: A man in a suit walking across a baseball field
9: A view of a dirty shower, with no curtain.
9: People and a bicyclist watching a plane fly overhead.
9: A black bench with a coffee cup sitting on it
9: A long-haired man standing outside holding a racquet with both hands.
9: A street name sign hangs from a ceiling inside a building.
9: A bus that is sitting in the street near grass.
9: There is a mug with a fork in it and an unidentifiable liquid.
9: A man is going down the water on a paddle board.
9: Man brushing his teeth and looking at his phone.
9: a living room full of chairs and a big window 
9: A single surfer on a yellow board riding a wave
9: A pizza on tray cut into six slices.
9: A plastic bin that has various vegetables in it.
9: Bottles of wine and an empty glass on a counter with a sheet of paper.
9: A city bus driving down a crowded city street.
9: A zebra that is made out of building blocks.
9: A group of friends sitting around a wooden table together.
9: Close up of a cat sitting on countertop in a bathroom
9: A red fire hydrant with two red poles on each side of it. 
9: An older style black locomotive numbered 473 pullin passenger cabins.
9: A man is flying a kite at the beach.
9: GUY REACHING THE TOP OF RAMP ON A SKATEBOARD
9: A woman is jumping in the air with a frisbee
9: groups of people are skiing on a snowy mountain
9: A boy stands at the edge of the ocean with a frisbee
9: A man throwing a baseball on a field wearing a uniform.
9: A group of teddy bears are together with a candle.
9: A  kitchen counter table with pizza drinks and cutting board with cheese and tomato,
9: An airport runway containing two airplanes as they prepare to take off
9: People walk on a sidewalk below many multicolored umbrellas.
9: A black and white toothbrush holder holding a toothbrush.
9: A laptop computer is open on a wooden desk.
9: A person on a motorcycle with puppies in a cage
9: An apple computer monitor, keyboard and mouse sits on top of a clean wooden desk. 
9: A man is jumping with a tennis racket
9: The different types of food are sitting on the plate.
9: A young person is jumping his skateboarder off of a lodge.
9: a large train is sitting on some tracks
9: A pink and white bus parked next to sidewalk and people.
9: The tower has a clock displayed in order to tell time. 
9: A bedroom with a large picture window and an armchair.
9: Some animals in a desert area with dry looking trees in the background
9: A plate with pizza set on a table with silver wear 
9: A group of people who are riding bicycles.
9: a close up of a hat wearing a small hat
9: The side of a wood structure with a bench and the ground filled with leaves. 
9: A woman playing tennis reaches forward with her racket while spectators watch from bleachers.
9: a guy riding a snow board down a slight hill
9: A white and yellow biplane on water next to dock.
9: A bathroom with a television mounted in the corner.
9: A young man getting ready to serve a tennis ball to his opponent. 
9: A black and white cat laying on a white comforter on a bed.
9: A pitcher throwing the baseball during a game. 
9: A pair of glasses, a pocket watch and two books.
9: there are many children sitting in a class room reading
9: this bathroom has a washing machine in it
9: A plate of food, a piece of cake, and a cup of coffee are sitting on a wooden table.
9: some cars a traffic light and some trees
9: There is a group of people working at the large desk. 
9: A small building and a thin large tree.
9: The surfers are ready for the waves coming their way.
9: A boy is flying a kite with a blue tail.
9: The catcher at a baseball game throws ball back to pitcher.
9: Two zebras laying in the sand by some logs
9: A desk containing several computers and computer monitors.
9: A man dressed in white is smiling for a picture
9: A small adorable dog sitting under an umbrella.
9: A man with a laptop is next to a cat.
9: A cat sits on a toilet seat in a washroom.
9: A banana tree with gigantic leaves hang a single cluster of fruit.
9: a motor bike sits parked on a side walk
9: A bus, cars and a motorcycle driving in busy traffic on the street.
9: A man in red is cutting into a pizza.
9: Broccoli, carrots and a small amount of potatoes on a plate.
9: Smoke from a passing train obscures a huge mural.
9: A cat sitting on top of a broken chair.
9: Two people in running attire rest on long benches.
9: A couple kids sitting at a table making arts and crafts.
9: a public transit bus on a city street
9: It would be a pity to eat these cute animals made out of bread.
9: Two domestic cats engaged in a physical confrontation.
9: Man taking a picture above an art display of a man on a bench.
9: Someone holding their umbrella while standing in the rain. 
9: Herd of zebras and an elephant in a grass and tree area.
9: Pair of commodes side by side in unfinished bathroom area.
9: A bouquet of flowers on a table next to a chair.
9: An Asian woman at the train station looking at the camera.
9: A woman posing in skis on a ski slope
9: A white cat with a dark patch on his head has his arm under a shoe and his head on top of one.
9: a hot dog in a paper tray with toppings next to a paper tray of french fries.
9: A car hauls a open trailer filled with suitcases and luggage. 
9: The train is travelling down the tracks of the road.
9: A stuffed toy bunny lurking inside a microwave oven.
9: A depiction of rock, paper, scissors with scissors, a rock and crumpled paper.
9: A street is full of cars in heavy traffic.
9: this is an image of a crane landing in water.
9: A large cat laying atop a computer keyboard.
9: A large Banana tree on an island near the beach. 
9: A row of empty buses sit in a parking lot.
9: four bowls containing different types of food in them 
9: a flock of swans swimming in the water
9: Woman being fitted into a green suitcase on bed. 
9: The plane is flying high in the sky.
9: A group of skiers are smiling on the slopes.
9: A group of kids that are on a soccer field.
9: A closeup of a corner in a kitchen with a microwave and a dishwasher.
9: The tennis player holds his racquet with a dominating attitude.
9: a bath room with a sink and a shower 
9: A surfer walks into the waves on the shore. 
9: A small kitchen has appliances and houseplants on the window sill.
9: man in a green shirt and white shorts playing tennis
9: A person skis downhill on a snowy area.
9: A Wii controller laying on a  wood table with a Wii charger and case. 
9: An elephant standing near rocks inside a fenced enclosure.
9: A polar bear walking in a zoo enclosure.
9: a dirty toilet in a small pink bathroom
9: A baseball catcher begins to throw the baseball to the pitcher
9: Teenagers frolick on surfboards and jump off into a lake.
9: This car has some bags and some luggage in it.
9: A couple of birds are flying over the beach
9: Flowers in a brown and oddly shaped vase.
9: A delicious looking salad with tuna and bread.
9: A giraffe is walking beside toward the camera.
9: There is a large black bull with long hair
9: A cow in a pen inside a store with people.
9: A green leafy plant beside another plant with smaller leaves.
9: a skate boarder at an indoor course looking up at the camera
9: Group of people standing in a crowd holding up umbrellas. 
9: A bunch of skis in the back of a vehicle.
9: An elephant is walking through the green terrain.
9: Trucks have arrived to get hte plane ready for departure.
9: A man playing tennis on a tennis court.
9: A bathroom that has a glass shower door.
9: A baseball player hitting the ball during the game.
9: Four people playing tennis on a tennis court with onlookers.
9: Two people standing next to each other and holding snowboards.
9: The man is holding a cupcake with 3 candles in it.
9: This antique vehicle has a couple of surf boards riding on the roof.
9: A bedroom with a side table and some pictures on the wall
9: A baseball player swings his bat while the umpire and referee wait behind him.
9: A dark image of multiple clocks set to different time zones.
9: A slice of pizza covered in chocolate next to two dolls.
9: A woman is standing in front of a television set with a remote in her hand.
9: a bowl fiilled with a liquid with fruit slices
9: A simple bathroom with a toilet and shower.
9: A large pizza on a white plate sitting on a blue table.
9: THE VIEW OF A STREET FROM THE TOP OF THE BUILDING.
9: A snowy slope with various unoccupied skis and snowboards.
9: A desktop with a white mouse and keyboard.
9: A man with a tennis racket on a court.
9: Blue jacket sitting on top of a fire hydrant. 
9: A cheese pizza on a plate at a restaurant. 
9: a long blue couch sitting by a white wall 
9: A busy urban street lined with billboards and crisscrossing wires. 
9: Two boys playing a sports video game together.
9: The desert is prepared and ready to be eaten. 
9: MAN ON A SKATEBOARD SOARING IN THE CLOUDS
9: A lady s in the kitchen preparing some kind of meal. 
9: A girl taking pictures from a train window
9: A man prepares to milk a dairy cow.
9: An empty galley style kitchen is shown in white.
9: A huge teddy bear sitting on a parked motorcycle. 
9: Three horse wearing coats walk around a large field.
9: Several white sinks and mirrors in a bathroom.
9: a man standing on a skateboard and leaning off to the side
9: A bear seems to be eating something against the top of his paw.
9: Six yellow daffodils in a clear glass bowl
9: A skier in a blue jacket underneath the ski lift
9: a boy on a skateboard is doing a trick 
9: fully dressed teddy bears in front of a Christmas tree
9: A large long bus going down a city street.
9: a clock on a pole next to a city street
9: a clock with pictures of  assorted birds on it
9: Lady laying across a bed with a dog.
9: an airline with airplanes from one world parked on the air field
9: a cat sleeping on top of a black suitcase 
9: a couple and the male is holding a glass of wine
9: a decorative  sign with a light and some potted flowers
9: A group of people with some in costumes.
9: Two pelicans sit on rocks along the water.
9: The red clock is in the center of the street.
9: Two elephants waiting patiently on their bale of hay.
9: A bird standing on a tree branch by itself.
9: a giraffe eating something off a bare tree branch 
9: A gray cat looking at the inside of a refrigerator door.
9: A woman sitting at a table cutting a piece of food.
9: An artisan pizza sitting on a table with a plaid table cloth.
9: A man asleep in his bed next to his open laptop.
9: The STOP sign is above the  Walk Bicycle Across the Road sign.
9: A sailboat is seen near some smaller boats.
9: a lady holding a pizza with the center ate out 
9: The baby is brushing his teeth with his tooth brush
9: Army trucks lined up in a row in a grove of trees.
9: There is a horse drawn carriage in front of the water tower.
9: A living room with a fire place filled with furniture.
9: A tray of several chocolate frosted donuts sitting on a doily.
9: A bus in front of which a cycle is attached is going on the road
9: Two photos one of a man carrying his dog in a bike and the other a close view of the dog.
9: Small bathroom with a white towel sitting on it. 
9: Two cats sitting on a patio next to a white chair.
9: A bed with black and silver pillows on it next to a blue background.
9: A person flying through the air on the kite board.
9: A group of stuffed animals sitting on top of a table.
9: A laptop and a keyboard on a desk.
9: A flip cell phone that is open with icons being displayed.
9: This is a horse with a saddle walking on the sand of a beach.
9: A large truck with a red cabin parked in front of a red building. 
9: Smoke coming from a large white commercial airplane.
9: A row of motorcycles parked on the side of a busy street.
9: A young cow is resting in a grass field next to a tree.
9: A cat perched by a planter on the tile floor.
9: two young people sitting on the floor playing nintendo wii
9: Food dish filled with broccoli and chicken topped with seeds.
9: a boy holding a baseball bat next to fence and wearing a baseball helmet.
9: An information sign written in Pasto and English, probably in Afghanistan or Pakistan. 
9: A group all looking at their cell phones
9: A man holding an infant in front of an open box of assorted donuts. 
9: A man is holding a bunch of green bananas in his yard. 
9: a modern bathroom featuring a square sink and a mirror. 
9: an old person near a train with other people working on it
9: A train is riding the tracks near a mountain range.
9: Truck and a car driving in opposite directions on a road.
9: Someone is holding a white and pink doughnut in there hands
9: A giraffe licking the insides of a tree branch
9: Close up of a traffic light with a mirror view of cars. 
9: A green banana plant next to building and skyline.
9: A passenger train is stopped at a train station.
9: A airplane sits on a run way at a busy airport.
9: A baseball player preparing to bat during a game.
9: A clock and a pie sitting beside each other.
9: Two of the four bridges have trains on them.
9: A motorcycle with a storage compartment on back.
9: Several small gummy bears and one very large one.
9: Kids playing with Frisbees in a outdoor fountain.
9: broccoli plants growing in brown planters near sand
9: A cat is sitting on the couch looking at something.
9: An older man in a green jacket and blue tie.
9: Two young men are playing a WII video game.
9: A MAN HOLDING UP A LARGE OVER SIZED SUB SANDWICH
9: A man tossing a neon green frisbee in front of a house.
9: A kitchen with oak cabinetry and white appliances
9: A young boy sits in a chair with some stuffed animals.
9: Cat laying down on grass next to a goat.
9: A kitten with its front paws on a keyboard.
9: a close up of a muffin on a plate on a table 
9: a woman with an umbrella walking through a rainy city

9: Umbrellas in the trash and on the ground on a wet sidewalk.
9: A photo of a young person playing with a cell phone.
9: A traffic light over a road near a building.
9: Row boat sitting in the middle of a lake by building
9: A small structure at night next to a street light.
9: a bunch of books are on display together
9: A large roman numeral clock in a stone building.
9: A group of airplanes fly in formation while releasing colored smoke.
9: black and white photo of 2 women touching a horse
9: Above view of someone with skis on their feet and snow.
9: A road sign indicating that to get on interstate 94 you need to take the next left.
9: A bus is following a bicyclist on the street.
9: A group of boys with skateboards in their hands are on the sidewalk of a street in town.
9: A baseball pitcher on a mound winds up to throw a baseball.
9: Getting geared up to do a little snow boarding.
9: A zebra with a left side pose while standing in a field.
9: A fire hydrant next to a paper box on a city street.
9: Some food sitting on a white plate with orange lines.
9: Three friends sitting on a log making signing hand gestures. 
9: A jet flying above an office building on a cloudy day.
9: A catcher squatting behind a batter who is swinging on a baseball field.
9: A woman in glasses holding up a cake with frosting.
9: A big ben type tower on a cold wintery day
9: A girl playing with a frisbee on the grass.
9: An open faced sandwich on a plate with a  fork.
9: Two people riding on a red motorcycle in the middle of the road. 
9: A parking meter sticking out of deep snow 
9: A girl with a helmet riding a skateboard.
9: A chocolate dessert slice sitting on a clear plate accompanied by a fork. 
9: A tour bus belonging to the Marines on a street with other buses
9: Three bears in the forest near redwoods and fallen trees.
9: The fire truck is moving through the streets. 
9: a person preparing a cake in the kitchen
9: A woman getting ready to eat a pizza on the table.
9: A boy with catchers gear on looking at some baseball bats.
9: A man and women that are standing near each other.
9: A small puppy taking a nap next to a controller.
9: A gray cat is walking next to a truck.
9: a woman standing behind a cow in a field
9: The hotdog bun is filled with carrots and greens.
9: An oriental man stands beside a cart of luggage being pulled by someone.
9: A tennis player in a field of strawberries.
9: A man seated on a bench plays the guitar.
9: Some yellow street lights on some poles in the middle of a street.
9: A couple of people on skis examining a park description sign.
9: A teddy bear is sitting alone in a window.
9: A dirty bathtub sits in a bathroom with a big window on the side. 
9: Chopped broccoli on a cutting board with a knife.
9: A man with a beard smiling at the camera
9: A guy doing a trick on a skateboard on a indoor half pipe.
9: Four workers stand around a fire hydrant talking.
9: A billboard featuring zebras sits in a parking lot. 
9: A man is wind surfing over the water.
9: Giraffes, gazelles, and zebras gathered at a watering hole in Africa.
9: this kitchen seems to be being fixed or under construction
9: A person stands on a board in a body of water and holds a stick.
9: Two people standing on a street corner near a clock.
9: A girl playing Frisbee inside of an en enclosed building.
9: A dog laying on the sand at a beach near some water.
9: A living room that has a sofa a love seat combination in front of a large coffee table and a mirror on the wall.
9: A city fire hydrant next to a taxi cab.
9: A STADIUM SITS ALONG SIDE A CITY STREET
9: Cat lays down holding on to owner's shoe
9: A person riding some rapids on a surfboard.
9: A man is throwing a Frisbee outside at the park.
9: A couple of parrots sitting on tree tops looking stoic.
9: a woman on her bike in her yard
9: Three kids riding their bikes on the side of the road.
9: Police escort drive motorcycles down street as people stand by on both sides watching 
9: Two cats sitting on a parked scooter and car.
9: A pigeon greets three bicyclists on a park path
9: A KITCHEN WITH A BLACK WINDOW AND A TRASH CAN IN FRONT OF THE WASHING MACHINE.
9: The woman sits at the table with the two children doing crafts.
9: A busy ocean pier with several kites in flight.
9: black bear walking next to a tree and shrubs
9: A view of a horse staring out a building window.
9: A red bus parked next to another bus.
9: A fridge is full of beer at a restaurant.
9: Man playing with his dog and a kite on a small, city beach
9: A giraffe reaches its head past the top of its enclosure to allow a young girl to stroke it, while a woman that is standing in front of several other people looking inside the enclosure takes a picture.  
9: A small dog is dressed in a red sweater. 
9: A kitchen is shown with a tub and a sink.
9: some kind of bus parked by a buliding
9: An Amish woman sugaring freshly cooked donuts 
9: A modern home kitchen and sitting area looking out towards the back yard
9: A girl on a horse riding around the practice course.
9: A bowl of lobsters sitting on a table in front of a child.
9: an orange fire hydrant between two white poles on the side of a sidewalk
9: A girl in blue shit and shorts holding a frisbee in grassy area.
9: Two boys pretend to play guitar on tennis rackets.
9: A woman in a wetsuit is carrying her surfboard. 
9: a table that has a vase with a flower in it
9: A few tennis players play on an outdoor court.
9: A baseball player with a glove on during a game. 
9: A different color train going under a bridge. 
9: Two kids wearing skis standing in the snow.
9: an image of a stuffed polar bear in a glass case
9: A man looking into a refrigerator door for ingredients.
9: Right mirror of a silver colored driving vehicle. 
9: A woman sits on a bench watching the park.
9: Two cats are sleeping together on a computer desk.
9: Trolley moving on track past passenger station stop. 
9: A white toilet with a black lid sitting next to a wall.
9: A ban and boy are posing for a camera.
9: A giraffe lying in hay between two other standing giraffes.
9: A baseball game in progress in the open air.
9: a group of biker turning into a curb
9: A woman riding a horse in front of a fence with razor wire
9: Someone hung a clock from a building not knowing that the numbers were all backward
9: Traffic lights in front of large buildings with a one way sign.
9: A dinner plate consisting of crepes, tomatoes and orange slices
9: A cat that is laying down on a chair.
9: A living room with a white sofa and rug, a picture on the wall, and a table by a window.
9: A cheese pizza with a few slices missing.
9: There is a stop sign where one road ends and intersects another.
9: A baseball game in progress with the ball halfway to the batter.
9: A man catching a frisbee in the front yard.
9: Two dogs are laying on the floor by some luggage.
9: a couple of men are holding game controllers
9: people are enjoying their time on the beach
9: a close up of a person sitting down eating something
9: A close up view of a pretty brown eye of an elephant.
9: a cat on a laptop on a desk
9: Some people in a living room playing a video game.
9: A man on a surfboard with a safety line attached whipping out.
9: an image of a man doing tricks on a skateboard
9: People sitting in a room and watching a small television.
9: A white and black ceramic vase with yellow flowers.
9: A computer mouse sitting next to a  laptop computer.
9: A person bending down to pick something up with people watching behind a fence.
9: A person's hand with a remote control and a table with a book on it.
9: A siamese cat is looking at itself in the mirror.
9: A plate of food containing meat, carrots and broccoli.
9: A large black dog leaping to get a frisbee. 
9: Open fire hydrant with warning cone in urban city setting.
9: A woman swinging a tennis racket at a tennis match.
9: A bathroom area with a shower and a toilet.
9: The giraffe is walking by the vehicles that are parked.
9: A giraffe has his tongue out and a hand is feeding it.
9: A kitchen counter with cutting board, knife and food.
9: A Sante Fe train runs on the tracks through the valley.
9: A man sitting in a grassy pasture with cattle.
9: A man sitting on a couch with a laptop on his lap and a laptop on the floor by his feet. 
9: A group of boys playing soccer on a field.
9: An animal pen containing sheep, goats and llamas.
9: A woman stands outside a house with two suitcases. 
9: A woman taking a picture of herself in a bathroom.
9: A display with a  giraffe eating from a tree.
9: A man in plaid shirt standing by a bicycle next to street.
9: Subway trains are sitting idle on a railway.
9: A man on a motorcycle carrying a bundle of long sticks.
9: A plate with steak, vegetables, and cheese. 
9: A wide empty street corner filled with buildings.
9: A man and his wife eat street foo din a city
9: People on skies on the ski slope 
9: a guy skateboarding down a road with something in his mouth
9: A photo looking at the back side of two giraffes check out the people.
9: A sugar doughnut with a bite out of it is held out by two fingers.
9: A bathroom has a sun decal on the wall.
9: a table filled with a large supply of assorted donuts
9: A plate topped with rice, meat and vegetables.
9: A kitchen with a sink, dishwasher, crock pot and coffee maker.
9: A sink in a peninsula in a kitchen.
9: a small child sitting on a toilet in a bathroom
9: A yellow train pulling into the train station
9: A woman is resting her head on her hands
9: a small bird on the ground in a field
9: Dark haired man playing a video game on computer.
9: A beach full of people with surf and bogey boards.
9: A large bus is parked in a parking lot by a tall building. 
9: A woman riding on the back of a brown horse.
9: A woman that is standing on a tennis court with a racquet.
9: A grey brick sidewalk with a cute bird sitting on top of it.
9: Gifts are left on a bench along with flags and letters.
9: Someone rolling out what appears to be doughnuts.
9: One player is chased by three opposing players in a Women's soccer match.
9: A group of pictures showing different angles of a keyboard.
9: There are many teddy bears sitting on the shelves.
9: A woman holding a tennis racket in both hands standing on a court.
9: A young man is trying to pull off a high risk skateboard trick.
9: A FedEx truck waits at the bottom of a San Francisco hill.
9: A man is sitting down and talking on a microphone. 
9: Woman standing on platform with commuter train in background.
9: Cat sleeping in front of a powered on laptop computer.
9: A plate and glasses have food and drinks
9: Small grey cat laying down on a sheet in a small living room. 
9: Several racks of different pattern types of ties.
9: An antique baby doll is resting on a quilted bed.
9: People are riding on motorcycles together down a street.
9: two people standing side by side smiling and one wearing a tie
9: An overturned car at the intersection of a city street.
9: A living room with couches, a table, and a fireplace.
9: Some tan building are sitting across the water
9: A computer desk with a laptop, printer, and speakers.
9: An array of different colored beach umbrellas on the beach.
9: Two people standing in the corner of a room near a computer monitor.
9: Three zebras are standing together in a grassy area.
9: The boy jumps with a skateboard over the garbage can.
9: Two persons in formal dress posing for a photograph.
9: Young boy doing a jump while riding a skateboard.
9: a person on a surf board rides on a wave 
9: a grey couch and a glass table a very nice house
9: A cat squinting its eyes inside a suitcase 
9: Two people wearing hats riding a motorcycle together.
9: Two plates of food in front of two dogs.
9: A park trail lined with park benches overlooking a lake.
9: A rider atop a brown horse leaping a show gate.
9: A single person cross country skiing across a flat field.
9: a red and yellow tower with some clocks on the side of it 
9: A bus parks on the side of a street near a building. 
9: A small plane flies over boat in the river.
9: A woman holding a glass while standing next to a cake.
9: A young person with a bat and helmet playing baseball.
9: Many people on a courtyard under a clock.
9: A little girl is blow drying her hair. 
9: The vegetables and other groceries are collected in the white pale.
9: A man is taking a picture with a tiny camera.
9: A tennis player running with tennis racket in his hand.
9: Tables in a room are covered with green cloths.
9: A large group of people take a tour of a cargo plane.
9: A bunch of people are sitting on the beach under blue umbrellas.
9: A view of a public transportation bus awaiting passengers. 
9: A young man standing on top of a green field.
9: A variation of vegetables are placed on the sheet.
9: a man in a blue outfit sitting on a little motorcycle

9: A pastrami sandwich being held by someone 
9: A brown dog in water carrying a yellow frisbee behind a boat.
9: A pair of black boots stand next to a red umbrella. 
9: A train engine carrying carts down a track.
9: A group of people wait near a wedding procession of cars, one of them holding two apples.
9: Two zebras are grazing side by side near rocks.
9: two people sitting at a table with many wine glasses
9: A man on a horse looking at his cattle.
9: A white and gray cat and an orange tabby cat snuggle on a blanket.
9: A green and beige bus parked on the side of a road.
9: A skier balancing on top of an orange elevated pipe on a downhill slope
9: Giraffes love the tender, young leaves on trees.
9: An engine train sitting idly on the tracks. 
9: A room with a window and a blind on it near tree branches. 
9: The little girl is wearing a pair of boots and standing on a stool.
9: Brownies in a pan that have been cut into some pieces with a knife. 
9: A group of people standing next to each other on skis.
9: A red fishing boat moving through the water.
9: A brown dog laying on a person's bed.
9: Two laptops side by side on a green table.
9: A man holding out a baseball bat to a ball on a field.
9: The front of a small cabin with a window garden and green bench.
9: two green and white street signs and a pole at night
9: A man is on the beach with a brown horse.
9: Dog fetching and lip laying with frisbee in a green park.
9: A white plate full of broccoli with a fork on it. 
9: A brown, white and black bird flying in blue sky.
9: A woman walking with a man and holding an umbrella looks off to the side. 
9: A black and white dog lying on a bed staring at the camera.
9: A skateboarder balances on a skateboard on a skateboarding arena at night.
9: A couple of cats on a table eating food.
9: A horse is standing near some trees and foliage.
9: A boy in blue pajamas holding bananas on counter.
9: A black bear walks down a hill away from a tree.
9: A skateboarder attempts a trick above ground while his friend watches.
9: A smiling woman stands in a kitchen holding a stick. 
9: A man holding a tennis racquet as a ball clears the net.
9: A couple of cops riding on the back of horses.
9: A fire hydrant is surrounded by colorful flowers.
9: Trashed television laying on shore off from the water.
9: an african american child wearing a green shirt eating a sandwich
9: Two snow boarders racing on a slope during a race.
9: A stop sign on a road next to a tree.
9: A family of zebra are eating grass at the same time.
9: a giraffe looking over the top of a wooden fence
9: a bath room with a toilet a bath tub and a sink
9: A yellow and brown train at a train station.
9: There is a vase filled with water that has rocks and a plant in it
9: Two people in font of a television play a video game.
9: a person riding skis on a snowy surface 
9: a bath room with a sink a mirror and a toilet
9: A man is holding his surfboard and being knocked by a rough wave
9: A stop sign with a horse signal is shown.
9: a refrigerator with stickers on it sits in a corner in front of a window
9: a person siting on a rock using a laptop 
9: A bathroom with a freestanding tub and two sinks.
9: A passenger plane opens its landing gear in the air.
9: A boy sits at a picnic table with a hot dog at his place.
9: A small herd of elephants crossing a river.
9: The glass of beer is next to the pizza and in front of the television
9: Corner view of a home restroom with toilet, mirror, sink, and bathroom products.
9: A man taking a photo of a mirror.
9: A white kitchen counter and gray cupboards with red trim.
9: A bird stands on a beach with its wings extended.
9: Two people wearing snow suits conversing about a snowboard.
9: A WOMAN IS PLAYING TENNIS ON THE COURT
9: a white car is driving down the street
9: a young child riding a skate board 
9: Two dogs sitting in the back seat of a car looking out the windwo
9: A group of people sit around a table at a restaurant, with drinks in front of them
9: A pedestrian sign on a bricked side walk
9: A flat bed holds luggage to be taken.
9: an orange and white plane in the air above the water and coast 
9: The young giraffe is standing in front of some trees.
9: A Best Buy sign is shown on the outside of a building.
9: A passenger train passes the cargo cars of another train.
9: A group of boats that are sitting in the water.
9: Woman surfing on a small wave in the water.
9: Three people standing on a snowy hill holding their ski's.
9: A young boy playing frisbee on the beach.
9: The computer and decor look futuristic in the photo.
9: a couple of horses are standing in a pin
9: Cool cat sitting comfortably under an open umbrella
9: Boy in black shirt holding a blue skateboard.
9: A tennis player prepares to return the ball at a tennis match.
9: A dog and cat lie side by side on a pillow bed.
9: A baseball player holding a bat next to a base.
9: Two people with racquets on a tennis court.
9: A cat sitting on a chair with a beer cozy and empty glass pie plate on top of it.
9: A couple cutting a piece of pizza, in a picture.
9: Cars are parked on the street near an old building.
9: A very pretty horse pulling a fancy carriage with a guy in it.
9: A dog peeking out of a car's window.
9: a kitchen sink with several white mugs hanging on the wall.
9: A young girl who is practicing how to ride a horse.
9: a man smiling showing off a loaded pizza 
9: A person on a surfboard on the water.
9: Presents surround a Christmas tree in front of a fireplace.
9: A table and some chairs near some trees.
9: A young man wearing a beanie hat rides a skateboard down a railing next to stairs.
9: Inside of a bathroom with a shower and sink.
9: A man prepares to toss a frisbee on the beach.
9: A girl rides her skateboard in a public place
9: Train cars on a railroad track next to a body of water.
9: The cozy interior of a large wooden cabin
9: a building that has a clock on the wall
9: A tennis player in a red shirt has her racquet raised.
9: A VERY BIG BUILDING/TOWER WITH TENTS NEARBY 
9: A blue shelf has a pile of white things under it.
9: a carrot and a piece of celery and a knife on a cutting board
9: a person lying on a surfboard in the ocean.
9: There is a tray with different sandwiches on it
9: A gray cat sitting on a chair looking a little sad. 
9: An alert llama shares a paddock with two horses.
9: A couple of zebra standing next to each other.
9: A man in a wheelchair is next to a fire hydrant.
9: A couple of people that are outside a double high bus.
9: The young girl is playing tennis on the court outside. 
9: A man surfs on a river as others watch and wait their turns
9: A child sitting on the floor holding a stuffed bear.
9: A man stands near a gray fire hydrant that has a blue top.
9: adult men in baseball uniforms walking in a baseball field
9: Two giraffes are standing together in a grassy area.
9: A brown dog playing on the floor with a ball
9: A plate with a mound of rice and  pile of broccoli stir fry on it.
9: A large steak dinner displayed on white dishes.
9: A person in a cap holding a bat. 
9: A bus parked on the street that is multi colored 
9: an image of a cat with a bow around the neck
9: A little kid standing on a household appliance
9: A toddler boy is sitting on a brief case.
9: A boy takes a selfie in a bathroom with Harry Potter decorations.
9: A pug sleeping on two remotes for the TV.
9: Head photograph of giraffe head, level with giraffe, another giraffe's body in back ground and white bovine animal in back ground, on clay ground.
9: A meal of chicken, bread, salad, milk and fruit sits on a white plate.
9: A person on a bike on a street.
9: The large crowd watches as a pitch is thrown to home plate.
9: A truck with two trailers moves down a road. 
9: An orange lying near the white stripe of a highway.
9: A propeller plane that is flying in the air.
9: a man wearing a white shirt and black tie 
9: A closeup of a zebra in a field.
9: The baseball player is practicing his swing for his favorite game.
9: A polar bear playing in the water at the zoo
9: Two large animals walking on rocks along the side of river. 
9: A plane is flying very low above the ground.
9: There is a custom painted motorcycle with a black seat
9: eight zebras are standing in and drinking some water
9: A slice of cake on a blue ocean patterned paper plate with a plastic fork.
9: A computer sitting on top of a white table with another computer.
9: A couple of bathroom sinks sitting under a couple of mirrors.
9: A red train is traveling undergroud on the tracks.
9: An elephant is facing forward with zebras in the background. 
9: Little boys are playing t ball on a field.
9: An elaborate marble clock roped off in a hallway
9: A city with snow and slush filling the ground.
9: Chicken sandwich with tomato and lettuce and side of fries with ketchup. 
9: A bathroom with a shower, toilet, sink and other accessories
9: One adult zebra and one young zebra walking through the grass
9: Cows in a field being rounded up by a herding dog.
9: A desk with laptops, monitor, keyboard, and telephones
9: a cat that is laying down on a couch
9: A bird perched on the branch of a tree.
9: A man and some boys riding in a canoe on a waterway.
9: A pasta and broccoli salad is shown with garbanzo beans.
9: A closeup neck of a rooster with orange feathers.  
9: An English rider on a horse jumping over a fence.
9: A group of protestors holding signs on a side walk.
9: An adult and a younger giraffe are facing the same direction.
9: Glasses are lined up on a table at an outdoor dinner.
9: Indoor crates hold a variety of fruits. 
9: A bench in th side of a city street next to a window
9: Two guys riding bikes at night on the street.
9: The small black bowls have peppers and carrots in them.
9: two small birds on a wooden hand rail
9: people sitting around a table filled with a lot of pizzas 
9: a nice cake with many colors put on it
9: Many shots of people playing Nintendo wiki in household
9: A row of buildings with two industrial smoke stacks.
9: A train on the tracks going by some trees
9: A surfer carrying a surfboard and a child in the water.
9: A man who is walking in the snow on skis.
9: A cat pawing at the television showing two penguins.
9: A guy jumping a skateboard over an obstacle.
9: A group of animals gather around a pocket of sunshine
9: A bunch of cages stacked on top of each other mostly of birds.
9: A young blonde boy sheers the wool of a sheep.
9: The boy is playing with two forks at the table.
9: Skateboarder and board in mid air, during a stunt.
9: an old dairy truck is rotting away in a field
9: Assortment of finished meals displayed on a table.
9: A man and a woman posing with a frisbee.
9: A stop sign that is very red in the street.
9: People riding on a horse trolley in the street.
9: A black and yellow railroad train at the platform
9: Young skiers enjoying a run on a gentle slope.
9: This appears to be signage for the New York Public Library.
9: A polar bear is sitting on a ice ledge.
9: One batter is up and another batter iswaiting his turn.
9: A plane sitting parked on the cement near grass.
9: A table with several plates of food including meat, a salad, and soup.
9: The variety box of donuts is not full.
9: Dog preparing to catch flying disc in fenced yard.
9: There is an elephant in side a truck trying to come out
9: A freshly shorn sheep standing near a pile of wool.
9: two people standing near one another with kites in the air 
9: The parking meter is empty by the building.
9: a couple of people that have a umbrella 
9: A veggie pizza is sitting on a white plate.
9: A toilet is sitting on the street between a van and a parked car.
9: A woman standing at a counter holding a wine glass.
9: A person is standing next to a yellow fire hydrant.
9: A group of young men playing a game of soccer.
9: A black train approaching a train station stop.
9: a red and yellow trains engine is pulling its cars
9: A plate that has various types of donuts on it.
9: Man with cell phone in silhouette against sun setting over the water.
9: a close up of a stop sign under a street sign 
9: a lady wearing snow skis and a man holding snow skis
9: A bus is loading or unloading passengers on a street.
9: a couple of people that are sitting on a bench with a dog
9: A clean hotel bathroom is pictured in this image.
9: two really long horned cows eating in a field
9: Two boys and a girl playing an organized game of soccer
9: White rice with vegetables and meat on a white plate with silverware. 
9: The baseball game is proceeding at a fast pace.
9: there are two men that are playing frisbee at the beach
9: a cat is standing near a tiny computer
9: A road bike rests against a park bench.
9: A man serving food to a woman from behind a glass counter.
9: A woman swinging a tennis racquet on a tennis court.
9: An elephant standing on dirt area next to people on stairs.
9: A man that is standing on a mound of dirt.
9: A close-up of a computer keyboard with a small device over it.
9: a group of people riding skis on a snowy surface
9: A car on top of a truck parked at a parking bay
9: A couple of women are sitting under an umbrella
9: An assortment of street lights and signs next to an ocean.
9: Two small beds are next to each other in front of a window.
9: A stopwatch wristwatch reads 32.30 in the foreground, while a bike and a stop sign is in the background. 
9: there are two giraffes one is standing and one is laying down
9: an aerial view of a clock tower and other buildings
9: a note sitting between a couple baskets of oranges 
9: A guy holding a skate board is speaking into a microphone.
9: A bed in the corner of a room has a puffy white comforter on it.
9: A close-up of a black motorcycle on the street.
9: A jockey is leading his horse while photographers take pictures.
9: a bus that is outside of a building
9: Many boats are floating in the water at sunrise.
9: a person riding a motorcycle near a large truck
9: A man attempts to kite sail on a beach near the ocean.
9: A collage of pictures showing food being cooked and fully prepared.
9: A kitchen counter has many dishes on it.
9: a women brushing a little girls hair outside
9: A baby girl holding a white teddy bear walking across a park.
9: This woman is relaxing at an airport with an amp 
9: a black and yellow teddy bear hanging on a wall
9: There is a panda who is standing up.
9: A plane sitting on a field next to a runway.
9: THIS IS A PHOTO OF A PINKISH KITCHEN IN A RESIDENTIAL PLACE
9: A large amount of fresh brocolli in a grocery produce section.
9: There are two twin beds in the room 
9: a picture of a man eating a piece of cake 
9: The half asleep cat is lying next to a remote control.
9: a red bag is on the floor in a room
9: A cat chewing on a packaged pink toothbrush.
9: An unclear photo of some type of plumbing.
9: some noodles are mixed in a blue bowl
9: Two motorcycle riders are on a dirt path
9: A skateboard rider on top of a handrail by a path in the city
9: An old man helping a little girl ride a bike
9: A professional baseball player swings his bat in the stadium.
9: A man carrying a yellow container filled with lemons.
9: A baseball player about to hit a baseball.
9: a umbrella that has a chair with a bag under it
9: two women are talking while they cook in a kitchen
9: A toilet from above; flanked by a toilet brush and a small trash can.  
9: a see through vase with flowers sits in front of a window 
9: A wild duck floating on the surface of a pond.
9: a god on the floor near a desk with a keyboard on it
9: A woman on a scooter sitting behind a truck that is stopped in the road.
9: Toddler sits on an armchair next to a stuffed bear.
9: A group of horses galloping on a field.
9: A red desk with a laptop computer and a desk top computer with a white teddy bear sitting next to the monitor. 
9: a woman walking her bike on the side of the street
9: A man in black shirt and blue shorts playing a game of tennis.
9: A small child plunging a toilet in a bathroom.
9: A skateboarder is trying to do a trick. 
9: two people sitting on a bench next to the water
9: A sandwich on a plate with pulled pork and barbeque with cilantro leaves on top. 
9: A girl dressed all in black with black stockings and heels
9: A man wearing a helmet eating a ripe banana.
9: A brown building located at an intersection during the day.
9: Broccoli and rice in a large bowl on a table. 
9: an empty public bench next to a subway train at night.
9: A three door fridge is in a cluttered kitchen.
9: A street sign on a pole on a road.
9: A painted wall of wildlife draw on it.
9: A sandwich is on top of a plate.
9: An icy snow covered road overlooking a body of water.
9: There is a cut cake that is in tge counter top
9: a man in glasses sits in front of some wine glasses 
9: A boy skateboarding, and another boy riding his bike.
9: A police man on a motorcycle is idle in front of a bush.
9: The room is equipped with a comfortable arm chair.
9: a few plates of food that are on a table
9: A woman in the park throwing a Frisbee across the field
9: A stop sign with the word 'worrying' added to it. 
9: A guy is sitting at a table with a hat on.
9: A street sign and sign warning to keep dogs off the median.
9: A group of people looking at stuffed animals lined up in a street.
9: A couple of butter flies on a plate with lemons.
9: A red fire hydrant on the side of the street.
9: The woman mimics the pose of a tall statue behind her.
9: A couple of giraffe standing next to each other.
9: A little boy playing the knobs of the stove.
9: a wooden bench sits in front of a brick wall 
9: A person wearing a black jacket and blue shirt along with a tie full of knots and bolts.
9: Girls bouncing a tennis ball with a tennis racket.
9: A elephant with large tusks standing in tall grass and brush, with trees behind it.
9: A whole freshly made pizza in a restaurant.
9: A man is  throwing a tennis ball into the air in order to serve it over the net. 
9: A herd of sheep in an open field
9: A colorful passenger bus makes it's way across the bridge, while pedestrians walk across in the pedestrian lane on the other side of the fence.
9: A person preparing food next to some vegetables and a cooker.
9: Here is a picture of an outside spot. 

9: A hotel bed with four heart shaped pillows on the bed.
9: people playing a sport on a dirt field.
9: A view of motorcyclists riding their bikes through heavy city traffic.
9: Giraffe approaches a person and almost touches person hand.
9: A woman in sunglasses is on her cellphone
9: People are standing in the street while talking.
9: HAND REACHING OVER A VERY TINY LAP TOP COMPUTER
9: Two people are on snow skiing on a mountain.
9: The bed in the bedroom is made up and ready to sleep in. 
9: a bus passes over a bridge, under an arch.
9: A female tennis player swinging at a tennis ball.
9: Herd of sheep standing on roadway in rural area.
9: Three vases sitting on top of a marble counter top.
9: A large elephants walks along toward the camera.
9: An tall, ornate church with lots of windows dominates the scenery.
9: A car is driving through a tunnel in a city street.
9: A person who is walking with some luggage behind them.
9: Bride and Groom at table with flowers on it 
9: Three cats that are sleeping on a bed.
9: The woman cooks the food in the oven.
9: A batter has just swung the bat in a baseball game.
9: Elephants in a national park blowing dust around
9: A young chef looking at his freshly prepared mini pizza creation
9: A couple of people sit on a motorcycle next to a white car. 
9: Two boats are out of the water on the beach.
9: Multiple baskets of recently picked grapefruits on display.
9: A brick wall with a balloon, luggage and umbrella next to it.
9: A herd of zebras standing in an open grass field
9: A truck is towing a bus on a busy street.
9: there is a beige and white house in this picture
9: An office of workers, laptop computers, and chairs
9: A person is waiting for a train at the station.
9: Cars driving by an old building and clock tower.
9: a bathroom covered with beige tiles and a fancy sink
9: Three giraffe stand near each other close to a fence.
9: A bed has a tray with many foods on it. 
9: a bus going past an old building surrounded by plants 
9: A dog pulls on one end of a frisbee why a person pulls on the other side.
9: A batter swings at a pitch during a baseball game.
9: a fie hydrant on a side walk near a city street 
9: a woman in a pink top with a video game controller
9: A pole holding traffic lights and signs at an intersection. 
9: A PICTURE OF A LITTLE GIRL EATING A DOUGHNUT 
9: A woman on a horse smiling in a green grass.
9: An orange tabby cat laying down on a bench near shrubs.
9: Tissue box on toilet near wooden wall and garbage can.
9: a few guys are riding horses and playing a game
9: A baseball player watching home plate for the play.
9: A man flying a multi-colored kite on an almost deserted beach.
9: A man is holding a tennis racket trying to hit the ball.
9: A statue of a bird is anchored to the top of a clock tower.
9: A man on a television in a vehicle.
9: The young men are playing a baseball game.
9: a cat laying on the floor while looking at a toy
9: A black dog stands on its hind legs to catch a frisbee.
9: A person kite boarding in rough seas near the shoreline.
9: some snow coming down on some street signs and trees
9: a man is talking in to a microphone on stage
9: A woman holding up a bag with food in it.
9: A snow covered parking lot meter in front of a building

9: A blue and grey Amtrak train is displayed.
9: Commuter bus parked at curb with pedestrians walking nearby.
9: People are walking on a sidewalk near a sign that says no peddling.
9: Many kinds of vegetables displayed in an outdoor market.
9: A professional baseball player hitting a pitched ball.
9: An airplane flying in the air, on a clear day.
9: A young boy who is eating a chocolate piece of cake.
9: A man and a woman dress up in costumes.
9: A woman in a white dress standing next to a man in a tuxedo.
9: a toilet a tub  some pipes and a window
9: A woman holding a cell phone while a purse is over her shoulder.
9: A photo taken of the television during a newscast.
9: A dog is on the floor hiding under a curtain.
9: very many cellphones placed on a table others not showing anything on the screen
9: a blue counter with some carrots a spoon and a bottle
9: a motorcycle parked on the side of the road 
9: brocolli cut up on a cutting board next to a knife
9: a desk with two monitors a keyboard and a mouse
9: a person with her hand in her bag and holding an umbrella
9: The cars are travelling down the wet road.
9: Three stuffed animals lay in a bed cuddled together.
9: A bathroom with a plastic bag on the counter.
9: A man in a suit relaxing on a patio.
9: A red,whit,and black train inside the train station.
9: a man standing up on a court with a racket
9: Lamb being weighed on the scale for auction 
9: The guy is standing outside taking his picture in his suit. 
9: a room with a fire place and television inside of it 
9: A woman on a tennis court holding a tennis racket.
9: A laptop next to a desktop and a spaceship lava lamp. 
9: A high-tech toilet and integrated sink of the Japanese variety
9: A woman eating fresh vegetables from a bowl.
9: People in the park having a picnic with opened umbrellas
9: A sandwich with a bite taken on a plate.
9: A gentleman is waving a flag at people passing by in a train.
9: A cat looking at a television where another cat is pictured
9: Young lady carrying plate of bananas on her head.
9: A laptop computer is on a table in a nice back yard.
9: A train on a rail is passing through a building.
9: A child is leaning out of his bed to touch a gadget. 
9: A bowl of soup, rice and fish by a woman.
9: A man on the court is holding the Tennis racket. 
9: a man and woman sit next to each other in front of some wine 
9: A white living room that is very large.
9: A herd of cows laying down in hay and grass
9: Prepared chili dog and chili fries  on a tray
9: A man standing next to a herd of white sheep.
9: A tennis player stands with his racquet at the baseline.
9: The white and black dog is in front of an open refrigerator
9: two males at a table with food and one has a cellphone
9: An image of a clock dangling from a ceiling.
9: a man flying a kite that is high in the sky. 
9: A woman takes a photo of herself with the camera
9: An adult bear and a cub bear nibbling on a piece of wood.
9: a zebra standing over another zebra laying down
9: People walking by a row of motorcycles that are on the sidewalk. 
9: A cream colored and blue bus sitting in a parking lot.
9: there are many cows walking around the grass
9: A woman with a cane and shopping bag sitting
9: A brown bear sitting on top of a grass covered field.
9: Oddly shaped carrots hanging in front of other vegetables.
9: A single bird that sits on a mossy and rocky outcrop.
9: An empty boarding walk is lit up in yellow at night.
9: A train at a stop at a train station.
9: A group of people in formal clothes play cards together.
9: On a table is a basket of fries and a hot dog with a pickle and a glass of something to drink.
9: A boy wearing a purple tennis shirt with tennis racket in hand.
9: A cat is sitting on a table in the dark.
9: a number of cows and sheep in a large field of grass
9: three fielders, a batsman and a catcher on baseball field, the ball has just been thrown and is headed towards the batsman
9: a man smiles as he sits in front of a big pizza 
9: Two men carrying plastic containers walking barefoot in the sand.
9: A young man riding a wave back to shore
9: A small child is posing with a baseball uniform and glove.
9: A man on a snowboard is soaring through the air. 
9: A man standing next to various bags of bananas on a table
9: A partial sliced open piece of bread with some hotdogs in the middle
9: A woman in a short skirt playing tennis.
9: Giraffes walking near water surrounded by a forest.
9: A woman is sitting with a suitcase on some train tracks.
9: A snowboarder in outdoor gear hols her hands up in front of snowboards on a ski slope.
9: a yellow and blue bus buildings cars and trees
9: a shopping bag with a clock mounted on it
9: A boy holds something in front of him.
9: Guys in a green grassy field paying soccer
9: A living room has a table, couch, and chair in it.
9: A red stop sign on a pole on a street.
9: A non passenger train sitting out on the tracks at a curve
9: The man is holding an extremely large pizza with a lot of stuff on it.
9: Two people are standing in snow carrying ski poles and skis on their shoulders. 
9: A rusty vehicle frame sitting in a field.
9: A boy sitting at a table playing on his laptop.
9: Kitchen with wooden cabinets and a brown linoleum tile floor.
9: Two kittens are sitting in a bowl next to each other.
9: Blue train engine at station near lamp post.
9: A player is passing a basketball to a teammate.
9: A black and white bathroom with sink, toilet, and tub.
9: A cat sitting in front of a television screen.
9: A food entree sits on top of a plate.
9: Here is a trunk with stationary and other memorabilia tucked inside.
9: a multicolored sofa chair in a large home
9: A group of light rail trains are parked at a station.
9: a bed, chair, and desk in a carpeted living room
9: A couple of people walking on top of a peak by others on skis.
9: People standing in a room looking at a tennis match on a projector screen.
9: A baseball player throwing a baseball during a baseball game.
9: a motorcycle that is parked in side a buliding
9: A multi-topping pizza with various glasses of alcohol on a table.
9: An elephant in a zoo walks behind the Asian Elephant sign.
9: A locomotive train that has train cars attached and parked on a set of train tracks.
9: A group of people on horses walk along the beach.
9: A couple of boats parked on the dock.
9: A woman on a city street with face painted like a cat.
9: A low flying commercial plane descends over some homes.
9: A man that has a baseball bat in the dirt.
9: A man on a computer screen on a desk with a cup of coffee.
9: A boy doing a trick on a skateboard on a ramp.
9: Man standing beneath large sail on beach with man controlling from distance.
9: A man who is riding a wave in the ocean.
9: Several boats that are in a body of water.
9: A zebra gallops across a dirt road in the grasslands of africa
9: A man smiles as he holds a tennis racket.
9: Street at night with red stoplights and street lights with head on traffic
9: A person with a piece of pizza over a plate.
9: A truck is smoking while going down a dirt road.
9: A lit up clock atop a historical building at night
9: Close up of salmon and broccoli on plate.
9: There are people skiing down the snowy hill.
9: a bowl of rice with carrots and broccoli
9: A pan filled with bananas cooking on a sauce.
9: A person on a skateboard does a trick on the pipe.
9: The people are having fun on the water.
9: A person tries to catch a frisbee on a beach
9: Many colorful glass jars on the table have different shapes and sizes.
9: A large square pizza being cut up by a person.
9: A tortilla pizza is stuffed with cheese and other toppings.
9: A white sink under a bathroom mirror on a bathroom counter.
9: A man posing with his hand made stop sign by a tree
9: A plane with pontoons landing on a lake.
9: A etched bowl with lemons, bananas and avocados.
9: A woman holding a pair of scissors near her hair.
9: There is a cat laying next to a backpack.
9: A yellow fire hydrant gushes water onto the street.
9: A view of behind a boat when its in the water
9: A baby sleeping on top of a bed on a pillow.
9: A plate holding bananas and peanut butter on a slice of bread. 
9: Centuries old tower with a clock and topped with a cross.
9: A herd of animals next to a tree and shrubbery
9: A person taking a picture during winter in the woods.
9: A man relaxing at home, watching television with his dog.
9: A anal filled with boats and the street above it filled with people under umbrellas. 
9: A cute black dog in mid air catching  a toy.
9: a close up of a cake with nuts on it 
9: The man's pets are resting on the sidewalk, the cat relaxing on the dog's back
9: Can holding different types of chocolate next to a bottle of wine. 
9: A group of men ski across the snow covered ground.
9: Seven military planes flying together while high in the sky.
9: A bird near a window during the day.
9: Some people are sitting at tables under umbrellas.
9: A wheel along back pack with a jacket strapped to the top
9: A brightly colored kite in a wide open tan field.
9: A yellow beverage with a large ice cube in a glass.
9: One zebra playfully neighs at the other in their enclosure.
9: Several young men playing frisbee on a field.
9: a street sign is on a pole near a building
9: A cat, bicycle, and char inside a fence.
9: a plate with a couple of sandwiches on it 
9: A man being robbed of his money and watch at banana point
9: This is a picture of a boy getting ready to make a play.
9: a very large building that has some cars parked outside of it
9: An old junked stove with a bag of trash sitting on the side of the road.
9: Two bulls in the middle of a street in a town.
9: A row of luggage sitting on a wooden floor.
9: A close up of an old church focused on the blue clock.
9: A couple sits on a park bench and watches the water
9: a tub boat pulling a small barge through the water
9: A man on a long exposure picture riding an electric skateboard.
9: Couple of people walking up the snowy mountain with skis
9: A hotdog on a plate with two green things
9: There is a cow in the middle of a busy road
9: A man sitting at a table with a plate, spoon, bowl, wine glass, bottle and card on it.
9: an older baby sits in a grassy field, holding a cell phone to its face
9: A male surfer catching a wave on the ocean.
9: A woman in a kitchen preparing a sandwich with tomatoes. 
9: Man on park bench surrounded by some pigeons.
9: There are a couple of kangaroos out in a pasture and one of them is eating.
9: a silver fork and some sliced carrots and fish
9: A bunch of commercial planes parked by terminals at night.
9: A stop sign is positioned under two street signs with the name Ajax.
9: a man reachiing in to a basket filled with oranges
9: A motorcycle parked behind a green truck near buildings..
9: People on a wilderness path are seen from a train.
9: A bathroom sink has a mirror above it with towel and soap dispensers.
9: A yellow and green fire hydrant sitting on the side of a road.
9: A dog is watching some shaved sheep on grass.
9: A dog that is laying on a bed.
9: A person wearing a helmet and goggles riding a snowboard down the slopes.
9: a herd of zebras together in a savannah.
9: a woman is standing and holding a wine glass
9: A blue sign posted on an overpass that people walk across
9: A kitchen with yellow walls and pots and pans piled in the sink.
9: two giraffes looking out of treed area under roof
9: A man sitting on a bet with wall paper with poka dots in the background.
9: A young boy smiling while wearing a catchers mitt.
9: A woman wearing a floral tie, trousers, and a fitted shirt.
9: A view of a living room area decorated with tiles and wood flooring.
9: you can see a mans face in a small screen
9: A man dressed in a tux holds a violin.
9: A train sits inside a train station, people stand on the platform.
9: A bike parked in the middle of a street covered up with a cloth .

9: This is some ones lunch and drinks that they are having for lunch.
9: two people in a living room on a couch
9: a rounded off desk with a laptop teakettle and cup
9: Many people getting drinks at the bar with one bartender. 
9: Wrought iron bars over a round window in a stone building face.
9: There is a large ship in the middle of the ocean. 
9: A woman sits next to a cart of food in a crowded market
9: There is a giant stuffed bear wearing skis
9: A bathroom with a large sink and mirror opens onto a room with the toilet and bathtub.
9: A group of people are flying kites in a field.
9: A group of people, some seated,others standing and a wine glass on top of a table
9: Two soccer players pushing against each other as they try to get to the ball.
9: close up of a train track with a red train sitting on it
9: A black and gold clock in front of a large building. 
9: Surfers are standing on the shore as a man is surfing through a wave. 
9: A tall clock tower with a flag on top.
9: Two people outside who are using snow boards.
9: a man sitting at a table with a piece of cake and holding a fork
9: A baseball action shot of a pitcher throwing a pitch.
9: Two skiers on a snowy mountain on a sunny day.
9: A can and banana on top of the table
9: A sink and a dining table in a kitchen.
9: Three bicyclists are riding on the road with the cars.
9: People gather on a beach by the mountains where kites are flown.
9: A woman sells bananas and other wares in a market.
9: Several giraffes that are standing together in a wooded area.
9: a giraffe standing next to a tour jeep
9: A dog hiding underneath the dust ruffle of a bed.
9: A herd of horses are roaming free on the shore of a beach.
9: A man rides a small foamy wave on his surfboard.
9: A church steeple with a clock built into it.
9: A man pushing buttons on a cell phone. 
9: A woman standing on a dirt road with a piece of luggage.
9: multiple black sheep are grazing in a pasture
9: A locomotive on train tracks in a wooded countryside.
9: Two young men standing on a lush green park.
9: A herd of wild animals grazing on a dry grass field.
9: Two men ride their horses along the lake.
9: A child on a blanket with an apple.
9: Person's hand holding a guest phone on a Cathay Pacific flight.
9: A woman holding an umbrella, which is bent upwardly, passes along the sidewalk in front of a wall with graffiti on it.
9: an image of two men playing video games
9: A group of people standing in front of a birthday cake.
9: a black and white dog a bicycle and a person and buildings
9: Pumpkin head Halloween decorations sit on a bench.
9: An elephant walking around inside of an enclosure.
9: A woman passes a frisbee to another woman on a large grass field. 
9: A group of ninjas wearing all black hold up small white fans.
9: A set of blue and white china ornaments.
9: A kite is shown in the sky with the clouds.
9: Baseball players in uniform playing the game of baseball
9: A woman jumping in air playing a game of tennis
9: a woman helping a mani with his bow tie 
9: A man is trying to brush the teeth of his dog. 
9: A woman with pink hair is eating a banana.
9: A man making a sign for the current protest. 
9: A fat orange cat sitting on a deck
9: A teddy bear is standing with a sign.
9: A woman talking on a phone holding a bottle.
9: A young man flying high with his skateboard.
9: A double high bus that is sitting on the street.
9: A white smartphone sits atop a display case.
9: A road with cars, stoplights and power lines strung across.
9: a couple of giraffes that are standing next to each other
9: A white van that is next to a sidwalk.
9: A tennis player in a blue shirt runs toward a ball.
9: A large wooden clock in a small room.
9: A large jet flying through a sky under clouds.
9: A woman in sunglasses smiles while posing on her motorcycle.
9: A street light pole with traffic and Stop signs
9: A little girl uses scissors to cutup bits of yellow paper.
9: a man with a tennis racket gets ready to hit a bad mitton 
9: A man with his hands to his face, in a black and white photo.
9: A small kitchen with white cabinets and a stainless steel stove.
9: A man holding a baby and doing something on a laptop.
9: A giraffe is pictured in front of a wooden fence.
9: Fruits and vegetables inside of a cooking pot.
9: Table set for two with pancakes and syrup.
9: a bunch of apples and oranges with prices beside them. 
9: two baseball players standing close to the base 
9: Two people walking on the beach towards the ocean with surfboards on their heads. 
9: A man with a head band and cloth belt.
9: A large antique building with two towers and a clock near the top
9: A lady with camera takes a picture on a mirror
9: A stuffed panda is on the living room table.
9: A street lined with parking meters with lots of cars.
9: A truck that has spray paint on it.
9: a blonde dog is sleeping on his back
9: A large uneaten pizza topped with tomatoes and basil.
9: A fighter jet flying through a cloudy sky.
9: A cat sitting on a motorcycle that is parked in a driveway.
9: Some type of metal bracket or anchor in the ground.
9: A person with sandals stands under an umbrella in the rain.
9: A woman sits on the ground near a fire hydrant.
9: A stop sign that is sitting in the grass.
9: A clock tower and dome top an old skyscraper.
9: two giraffes standing by some rocks with one making a silly face 
9: there is a toilet with dirt on it
9: Two people are standing beside the cake in the box. 
9: The woman is playing tennis on the court.
9: A cow standing in a lush green field surrounded by trees.
9: People play and swim in the ocean water.
9: A red plate holding a sandwich, coleslaw and a pickle.
9: A man is surfing in a wave simulator.
9: Four white sheep are grazing in a field.
9: The word plague is written on a parking meter.
9: Nine men pose together near a coach and a dog.
9: A boy with his hands up sitting next to another boy with pizza and a drink sitting in the grass.
9: Pitcher in the baseball game getting ready to throw the ball
9: A giraffe in a zoo enclosure eating from a small bucket.
9: a white fridge with stuff piled on top
9: A man surfboards skilfully over a large wave. 
9: There are three smartphones lying on the table. 
9: Graffiti covers a wall next to a fence on the road.
9: The computer keyboard and mouse are setting on a special surface,
9: There is a bus parked and a street sign next to a bush.
9: Two zebras in motion in a zoo enclosure.
9: There are a few airplanes on the runway of the airport. 
9: Two zebras fenced in standing in the shade. 
9: A person on a surfboard riding it in the water.
9: A black and white cat sleeping on a white blanket.
9: a blue and black bird a plate of food and some cups and pots
9: a white plate with a variety of meat and vegetables
9: A person video taping a man standing at a table with a laptop computer.
9: There is a stop sign on the wooden post.
9: Two guys playing a game on the WII.
9: A young girl in tennis shoes riding a skateboard.
9: A black woman wearing a white apron standing in front of a red light.
9: the fire hydrant is yellow and is next to green plants
9: A knife and progressively finely chopped up carrots.
9: two men standing by each other on a snowy hill 
9: A single glazed donut resting in the palm of someone's hand.
9: A boy on a skateboard flies over the stairs.
9: Two zebras playing together in a brush field.
9: A photo taken looking off the side of a small train.
9: A row of benches with writing that reads "no entry please."
9: Several baseball bats that have been colored at the end.
9: a man smiles and poses under a street sign
9: A swan in water next to a snowy, rocky area.
9: A woman smiling while eating food at a restaurant.
9: A scene of a street at night taken with a long exposure. 
9: Two cows are standing in a grassy area.
9: A woman crouches to remove a dish from an oven.
9: A white refrigerator in a very small room.
9: Cars are stopped at a stop light by the capital.
9: A blocked-off urban city block with pedestrians walking down sidewalks on either side.
9: A group of people standing in the rain in a courtyard.
9: A bowl holds some veggies mixed up with some sauce. 
9: Two zebras stands in a field amid a herd of antelopes
9: Town clocks affixed to a tall, brick building.
9: A man and woman standing together against a wall.
9: A red train travels on a track and pulls several cars.
9: a flip style cell phone is broken in half
9: Two people walk their skis on the snow.
9: some fruit is next to a sandwich on a table
9: A cat perches on a desk in a bedroom.
9: A PIZZA WITH GLASSES BESIDES IT KEPT ON A TABLE.
9: A room with several doors and clock high on the wall.
9: A picture of a blender waiting to be used. 
9: The view from the front window of a train.
9: Some zebras are standing in the middle of a grassland. 
9: A container filled with lots of tooth brushes.
9: A pitcher sending a pitch towards the batter.
9: A young woman adjusts a radio while laying in bed.
9: Dog looking in a window at a cat next to plants.
9: A room that has a brick wall and wood floorings with throw carpets on the floor.
9: A kid playing basketball and another kid on the phone.
9: A convoy of motorcyclists riding through city streets.
9: A man swinging a tennis racquet on a court.
9: A all white bath room with blue tape on the floor . 
9: a double door refrigerator has the freezer open
9: A vase with yellow flowers inside next to a window.
9: Baskets of fruit are on display at a market.
9: Cars are parked outside of a large building with a clock.
9: A bathroom has a toilet, sink, tub, and door in it.
9: A large sliced pizza on a plate on a table.
9: A road shot has a radio antennae and a small section of windshield, a brown hillside, the vanishing road beside it, bikers, close to the antennae, and far away, and off in the distance, signs, a car,  and a big blue sky. 
9: a guy in a suit holding a banana
9: Two people on a yellow moped next to red busses.
9: A woman wearing a teal tennis outfit and holding a tennis racket. 
9: A man flying through the air while riding a skateboard.
9: A stop sign on a pole in a city 
9: A crowd of people walking among concession stands.
9: Ornate wall paper displayed on wall in brightly lit room.
9: A bunch of girls jumping on a bed, appears to be in a hotel.
9: The living room is decorated in brown and orange tones.
9: A bus pulls toward the sidewalk behind a cyclist as a line of cars makes their way down the street on the other side.
9: A number of fruits and nuts on a stone
9: A group of people ride on a boat under an arc.
9: A refrigerator and table and chairs in a garage.
9: an image of a broken fighter plane on the runway
9: A pit bull dog on a messy bed. 
9: a city sign in the night time with cars passing underneath

9: A dog playing with one white and one brown stuffed animal.
9: Two hot air balloons seen through telephone wires.
9: A boy in green sweater riding on a skateboard.
9: A person holding a Frisbee in their hand.
9: A lone wooden bench sitting in a wooded forest.
9: Group of people posing for the camera in the snow
9: A busy street of cars and a crowd of people.
9: A youth surfing on a body of water outside.
9: A urinal next to a toilet in a dark-tiled bathroom.
9: A dump truck hauling a trailer on a highway 
9: There are two cows on e cow is laying in the grass
9: picture of a sink with a mirror and a toilet
9: a couple sitting at a table with a couple of pizzas 
9: Two girls are sitting on blankets in a grassy area while using their phones.
9: a man catching a frisbee while people play on the beach
9: A skyscraper rises high into the sky in front of a clock tower.
9: A person running along the beach with a surfboard
9: A man on a surfboard, surfing in the ocean.
9: A train on its tracks with a Mannheim sign on the front.
9: A person in shorts and sandles eating a sandwich
9: A back porch with concrete flower box and a dog.
9: A teddy bear lying face down on a bed on a pillow.
9: Two pizzas being cooked on top of an outdoor grill. 
9: A view of a bathroom in what appears to be a hotel.
9: The two cows have a reddish tint to their hide.
9: A grey cat sitting on a bookshelf. 
9: Two ducks swimming in the water near each other.
9: A beach with lots of people standing and sitting on it.
9: a table with assorted fruit and veggies sitting all together 
9: a large wall clock with an upscale design and roman numerals
9: A woman walking down the sidewalk with a cell phone in her hand.
9: A blender is sitting on a kitchen counter.
9: A pineapple next to some oranges, incense sticks and cups.
9: A man is skiing in the snowy mountains.
9: Uniformed people are using their cell phones in a crowded room.
9: A woman in a tan sweater holding a knife by a young boy in a plaid shirt.
9: The man in the helmet is jumping while wearing roller skates. 
9: A person standing next several shelves full of teddy bears.
9: A shirtless young man is preparing to catch a Frisbee.
9: There are a lot of boats on the river
9: A young child standing near a train at a stop.
9: A fork that is on a plate with food.
9: The fire hydrant in near very long grass on the sidewalk.
9: A person standing in the middle of a mountain skiing. 
9: Washcloths, soap, and lotion are arranged on a bathroom counter.
9: A small child wearing a helmet skateboards at a skate park.
9: a man is doing a flying catch of a frisbee
9: A hockey jersey sitting on the back of a couch in front of a television.
9: Hospital beds are shown next to each other.
9: Apples, pears, and bananas gathered next to each other. 
9: A stop sign at a corner in a rural area, above a storm drain.
9: a rainbow colored kite is laying on the grass
9: A diaper cake with a big bow and a bear on top of it.
9: A United airplane pulls up to a gate.
9: A stop sign with a eating animals sticker on it.
9: A man taking a picture of himself with his phone in a mirror.
9: A herd of sheep stand together in a meadow.
9: Green Mack trucks are in a parking lot.
9: A man in a hoodie uses his laptop outdoors
9: A giraffe and two zebras in a dirt area next to fence.
9: A library book mobile parked near a sidewalk.
9: A bathroom is shown with a toilet, sink and a mirror. 
9: A bathroom at the Radisson Royal Hotel Moscow.
9: some gainz for a meal with lots of meat and potatoes 
9: A man in uniform addresses a line of standing guys.
9: Bathroom with many towels hanging to dry out.
9: Sign on the side of a building in Stockholm.
9: A completely white bathroom with no shower curtain
9: Woman and dog on the edge of the water.
9: There is a piece of luggage sitting on the ground with a brown paper bag sitting on top of it.
9: A man touching home plate on a baseball field.
9: a white plate with a good variety of food items on it
9: A cathedral with a clock tower on a sunny day 
9: A picture of a person in leather and helmet standing behind two motorcycles.
9: A round bed with lots of pillows next to a cat bed.
9: Two black bears are sitting in the dirt.
9: A dog is sitting on the floor with nothing to do. 
9: Door to take out restaurant on street corner.
9: Person holding a blue and white umbrella standing in front of a water fountain. 
9: View of a partially shaded city street with autumn leaves.
9: Two elephants interact with each other in a pen.
9: A man in a suit adjusts the tie of another man while standing in a driveway.
9: A banana with "it was really very good" written on it lays atop a manuscript on a table.
9: A girl and a boy running towards a soccer ball in their uniforms. 
9: The lone woman is waiting for the next available bus.
9: A photo of a bench and plants in pots.
9: Someone is taking notes or an open book test on the computer.
9: A computer screen has many colors, with a mouse and speakers next to it on the table.
9: A child is carrying a skateboard on the sidewalk.
9: A busy desk holds several computers, telephones, and Styrofoam cups. 
9: a home made pizza with some veggies on it 
9: A man rides his motorcycle through an alley way. 
9: A man on a concrete barrier on a skateboard.
9: A bird with a large bill is in clear water.
9: A day time view of a narrow street in a city
9: A black computer mouse sitting next to a keyboard
9: A man outside with a teddy bear sitting in front of him on a chair. The teddy bear is watching TV in while in the desert. 
9: A dog sitting in the drivers side of a truck. 
9: a woman on a horse riding through a field
9: a white bathroom with a silver toilet paper holder and a toilet
9: A young box holds a halter for two horses in the woods
9: The two large pizzas have a slice taken from each.
9: a public transit bus in a city street 
9: The train is going down the railroad tracks. 
9: People in the dugouts are watching a baseball game.
9: A wooden bench covered with snow, and plenty of snow on the ground.
9: Large red sign with white lettering on the side of a building. 
9: A wrench sitting on top of a red fire hydrant with a hose connected to it.
9: boats tied up to a dock in an inland bay 
9: A group of several elephants walk through the mud
9: A clock set up in front of windows where you can see the shadows of people inside.
9: a man in a room with a camera with a toilet
9: Bird drinking water and walking on beach and ocean surface
9: There are only two sheep in the grassy field. 
9: Two skiers are racing each other in a race. 
9: A woman stands on a beach and throws a frisbee.
9: a horse standing beside a tree and a building
9: A high view of a park where several people are flying kites.
9: This is a man riding a white horse leading a line of horses behind him.
9: A cat laying its paw on a computer keyboard.
9: A microwave has been heavily used and is dirty in the kitchen.
9: People on the beach look at the plane flying overhead.
9: Two beautiful young ladies sitting next to each other while wearing hats.
9: A purse's contents have been emptied onto a table.
9: A room with three chairs, a bed, and a dresser. 
9: A baseball player is awaiting his turn at bat.
9: A brown cat is sitting on a wood floor.
9: A bus waiting for people to get on in the dark.  
9: A pizza with hot dogs, french fries and cheese for toppings.
9: Boy on skateboard on a down ramp near going into a parking lot. 
9: Two cars are stopped at a red light and transit buses are in the background.
9: Well organized and useful desk set up with electronics.
9: A dog is laying down and getting his teeth brushed.
9: The controller of a Wii system is pictured.
9: A motorcycle parked at the beach next to a rock.
9: A man standing on his skis in the snow.
9: A giraffe stands with his head above a tall rock; some green trees are in the background.
9: Someone in a pool holding a plate of breakfast.
9: A bed sitting underneath a painting on top of a hard wood floor.
9: A man wearing green pants and a bow tie skateboards down a road. 
9: A girl eating a hotdog near a Madri Gras masks sign.
9: The baby elephant is walking with a small object in it's trunk. 
9: Pots, pans and a collander displayed on a kitchen cart.
9: One boy in a black t-shirt holds a Frisbee as another boy in a white t-shirt faces him and both are in front of a house.
9: upward looking picture of clock tower against a blue sky with sun shining on clock face
9: a number of oranges in a tree on branches near leaves
9: A BATHROOM WITH A SINK AND A MIRROR 
9: A yummy looking sandwich with a salad and a drink.
9: Group of sheep walking alongside a group of people on the road. 
9: Dark clouds spreading across a field and a house.
9: a tall black fan sitting next to a bathroom sink 
9: A man on a surfboard riding a wave.
9: A hotel room has a carpet with an interesting design.
9: Four artistic photos of a yellow plastic man toy.
9: Four pans of pizza set on a long table.
9: some food is in a pot on a table
9: there is a cat that is sitting in front of a tv
9: The man sits on a cement sidewalk bench.
9: A woman sits on the couch as her cat walks across the open laptop she is holding. 
9: Two little girls and white uniforms holding up tennis rackets. 
9: Three major airliner  airplanes sitting out on the tarmac.
9: The man is standing surrounded by motor bikes.
9: A downhill skier doing a trick in front of the camera.
9: A tabby cat is sitting on top of a microwave.
9: Two men serve up food from giant pots outside.
9: A pizza pie with meat and fresh herbs on top
9: A young man and his bride about to have a piece if wedding cake.
9: A motorcyclist driving a light blue motorcycle around a race track. 
9: A man takes a selfie of himself in the mirror. 
9: A skateboarder skates next to a ledge in a skate park.
9: A woman reading a text message on her cellphone.
9: Wrought iron rack with wood box and flowers.  
9: The food preparation area at a small restaurant.
9: A car is parked in front of a building.There is a water hydrant at the side of the road and flower plants behind water hydrant.
9: An old bus parked in the woods 
9: A stop sign with graffiti that reads "gentrifying georgetown."
9: A single, small bird attempts to outrun the tide.
9: A bathroom with a couple of towels hanging on the rack and a mop in the corner.
9: A man wearing a black shirt and blue jeans above a bed.
9: A lot of flowers that are in a vase.
9: A close-up shot of a man on a surfboard riding a wave.
9: Slices of food are arranged around food piled on a plate.
9: A skateboarder in mid air at a skate park. 
9: guy doing a wheelie on his motorcycle with another rider beside him
9: A dog jumping to get a Frisbee in a field. 
9: A suitcase sitting in a living room of a home.
9: a steak with mashed potatoes and broccoli next to a water glass
9: A desk with one computer on each side of it.
9: A snowboarder that has fallen down on the slope.
9: Brussell sprouts and broccoli that are on tin foil.
9: A dog sanding on top of a pavement while wearing a safety jacket.
9: A large clock face at night with the moon in the background.
9: Two toddlers are on a bed and one has red and white pajamas on.
9: A child on skis standing in the snow.
9: A man poses in front of a picture of a zebra and giraffe. 
9: a fire hydrant sits next to a street cone 
9: A female soccer player running towards a soccer ball.
9: A young boy cutting paper with crinkle scissors
9: Skiers in snow suits on, wearing skis during the winter in the snow. 
9: a coupe of people are standing around a small table
9: A man sitting on the ground holding a laptop.
9: A grey and black cat with a toothbrush on its head.
9: A teddy bear is sitting in a pocket with a button. 
9: One slice of pizza and a half eaten slice are on a paper plate.
9: an old ttrain sitting on some tracks behind a train 
9: A man that is sitting down holding bread.
9: a group of guys playing a soccer game 
9: A woman with very sexy legs wearing zebra print high heels.
9: Three people on horse walk along the beach shore
9: Two men are smiling while wearing sunshades at an outdoor restaurant.
9: a man is in the parking lot doing a pose of some sort
9: In this photo you can see a sleeping polar bear.
9: A bathroom with a tub, shower, and toilet
9: A delivery truck riding past a traffic light and bench.
9: This is an image of a meal with wine inside a home.
9: A baby digging into a birthday cake wearing nothing but a diaper.
9: The cows are ready to eat and drink their next meal.
9: A muscular build female with tattoos sitting next to two other females.
9: A city street at night under electrical decorations and a threatening sky.
9: Several people traveling up a hill wearing snow gear. 
9: A woman in primitive clothing rides side saddle down road while a crowd watches.
9: A baseball player who is getting ready to bat.
9: A cell phone case is hanging from a Christmas tree.
9: A large field with several sheep grazing in the grass.
9: a black cat laying on a desk in front of a laptop 
9: A gray cat sitting on a wood deck.
9: A traffic light with a one way sign near a trash can.
9: A rainbow train traveling on the bridge above.
9: A teddy bear, cellphone and two necklaces are sitting on a table.
9: two plates each with a fajita with meat and vegetables.
9: A man lays in bed with a thermometer sticking out of his mouth, and medicine on the night stand next to his bed.
9: An orange liquid has been mixed in a blender.
9: A stack of suitcases sitting on a green chair.
9: A keyboard and mouse sit on a black surface.
9: A jet airliner sits on the tarmac at an airport.
9: There is some snow in the middle of a grassy mountain range
9: A bird us flying by a group if people warching
9: An outdoor swimming pool surrounded by lounge chairs and umbrellas with woods in the background
9: Donuts traveling down an assembly line in a factory while people work behind it.
9: A close-up of a man holding the strings of a kite.
9: Cows walking across a paved parking lot in mist
9: A dim lit simple bed is placed in a room.
9: A muddied man standing next to a muddied truck.
9: a close up of a cow near other cows 
9: a close up of some toppings on some food 
9: A sheet cake with a lake scene displays the words, "What is the Pickup Line Today?"
9: A picture of a kitchen with some items on top of it.
9: Three women standing in a library playing with a Wii. 
9: An adult and a baby giraffe stand gazing over a grassland. 
9: The two dogs are tugging an orange Frisbee near other dogs. 
9: A bird is sitting up high on power lines. 
9: Small sandwiches with tomatoes and cucumbers slices in them.
9: A man that is holding a surfboard near the water
9: A dirty McDonalds bathroom with a squat toilet.
9: a green and red bus street lights people and cars on  a street
9: two old aircrafts flying towards one another in the sky
9: A plate of sliced oranges with a fork.
9: Scissors are sitting on the table with needles and a pin cushion behind it.
9: a person standing in front of a vase displayed behind glass
9: A white plate topped with blood oranges on a wooden table.
9: A white train traveling through a train station.
9: A group of people gathered in a living room playing Wii.
9: there is one orange laying among five bananas
9: A man seated next to bags, suit cases and back packs
9: A man in a tie is standing next to a man in a red shirt.
9: A cat leans his head on a Wii remote control.
9: A person jumping over a set of stairs with a skateboard. 
9: A kite has fallen from the air in to the water
9: A woman is handing a boy a piece of cake.
9: A STOP sign on a city street at night.
9: there is a boat that is going down the river
9: There is a bear on a telephone book sitting in a highchair
9: This is one of those speedy commuter trains.
9: This black and white photo shows many men young and old
9: a train sits parked next to some parking lot 
9: A car completely covered by bits of trash in an artistic manner.
9: Two buses traveling past a tall white building.
9: A counter showing two hot dogs and a side of fries with a drink
9: Covered food is sitting on a kitchen counter. 
9: Open refrigerator filled with eggs in an unfinished room. 
9: A blue sign that is pointing to the restrooms.
9: a zebra in a field of grass with a tree near by
9: A woman at a vending booth with various food.
9: A mirror that shows a couch in the reflection.
9: a person doing a trick on a skateboard
9: A pizza with meat, cheese and tomato sauce.
9: Man and woman in the kitchen of a white house.
9: an old truck sitting in the desert all painted 
9: An open bathroom door reveals a toilet, sink and wall cabinets.
9: A baseball mitt and ball laying on top of a striped blanket.
9: The men are on the row boat. 
9: a cat sitting on a yellow couch near a remote
9: Three different computers standing on a brown desk.
9: Baseball players are playing baseball on a baseball field.
9: A man doing tricks on a skateboard at night.
9: Traffic is travelling over a large bridge across the water.
9: Sanitation trucks on roadway in large city area.
9: A living room has a bookcase full of books.
9: A group of zebras in a vast open grassy field.
9: Two cell phones are sitting next to each other on a table.
9: A yellow and black checkered sign at a blocked road.
9: A zebra standing in some tall grass by a tree.
9: A couple of pieces of pizza sitting on a plate.
9: a group of people stand on the beach talking 
9: The way that they are holding the fork is quite peculiar.
9: A yellow skateboard wheel on the sunny concrete.
9: A tabby cat is lounging on the back of a chair with paw extended over.
9: A group of people sitting around a table have a meal and a drink.
9: A sign pole with the mileage to many cities.
9: Two trains run down the rail side by side
9: There are broken toilets sitting outside in the yard. 
9: A close up of a green bench on a sidewalk. 
9: A woman in a blue coat with an umbrella looks over a snowy hill.
9: A bird swooping down to the water to catch food.
9: The boy is looking out the window at the water.
9: The bright orange walls of a dressing room 
9: a man that is riding around on a motorcycle
9: a kitchen with a sink a stove and cupboards
9: A woman is holding a plate with a man on it. 
9: A zebra's face showing the graphic quality of its markings
9: Cat sitting on recliner back in room facing the television
9: A view of a street corner with an umbrella on it.
9: two bananas some coins a shoe and a cookie
9: there is a cat that is laying on top of a pink bed sheet
9: A break room kitchen is shown with two microwaves.
9: A female tennis player with a bare bottom
9: People are on a dark pier near the water.
9: An unfinished bathroom with a claw foot tub and a toilet.
9: A dog sleeping next to a big teddy bear.
9: A group of kites in a sky, some of which look like human legs.
9: the giraffes are crossing the road in the dessert
9: A crowd of people, some with umbrellas, stand in the walkway by a wall,  overlooking the road below, where there appears to be a gathering.
9: A crowd of people flying kites with a city skyline in the background.
9: A group of people unwrap a large pizza with several toppings.
9: A man holding his dog stands in front of the tree. 
9: Some children are playing soccer on a grassy field,
9: Two women decorated a cake to look like a minion from Despicable Me.
9: an image of baby birds being looked at for sale
9: The man is taking a photograph with bananas. 
9: A skier is high in the air in the winter. 
9: A BASE BALL PLAYER IS THROWING THE BALL
9: This appears to be a mixed doubles team during practice on the court.
9: Bicycles lined up on the side of the road.
9: A brown teddy bear sitting at a table next to a cup of coffee.
9: a young boy on a soccer field standing in front of a ball.
9: A stuffed teddy bear beside a gold, red and blue ornament
9: A white cat is on a brown computer desk.
9: A women who is looking at a tennis racket. 
9: A colorful square shaped pizza in an oven.
9: Two people are walking through the white snow.
9: A cat sleeping on a  sofa by a window
9: A couple of giraffe standing next to a tree.
9: The black cat sits on a table beside a computer keyboard. 
9: A batter in a cage swinging to hit a ball.
9: A picture of sheep grazing on a hill side.
9: A couple of people standing in a room.
9: Two people are sticking knives into a laptop.
9: A red and black vase with pink roses arranged in it.
9: Two parking meters with the number four painted on them.
9: SMALL BATHROOM UNDER REMODEL,WITH JUST A TOILET AND ONE ROLL OF TOILET PAPER
9: A man poses while skiing on a mountain at a snow resort. 
9: A girl surfing in the middle of the ocean.
9: A woman that is on a surfboard in the water.
9: A girl standing on the sand near a frisbee in the air.
9: The giraffes are heading for another part of the compound.
9: A man is in action on a green tennis court.
9: A herd of cows are standing by a dirt road.
9: a clean desk with a bunch  of electronics on it
9: The view from an airport window shows a parked airplane near a terminal gate.
9: A small child stand in the rain with an umbrella.
9: This is a picture of a house warming party.
9: person using cell phone to take picture of a computer screen
9: A collection of kitchen utensils in a metal bowl.
9: A book lays open on a computer desk, over a keyboard
9: This is a picture of a baseball team getting ready for a game.
9: A dinning room with a small table and a window with long curtains.
9: A blue and red dump truck driving down a street.
9: A black and white picture shows a tree covered hill.
9: An old picture of a baseball player on a card.
9: A little boy that is standing up with a glove.
9: A family sitting a restaurant's dining table on their cellphones.
9: A office desk with a monitor, laptop, and books. 
9: Many people on top of elephants in a deep river.
9: A LOT OF SEAGULLS FLYING AROUND AT THE BEACH
9: The front end of a red motorcycle that is on display.
9: A corner with a Stop sign, a no entry sign and a one way sign in front of a brick wall with graffiti.
9: A little girl with a big, blue umbrella
9: a room showing a very big fridge and a dining table
9: A traffic light with lots of street signs mounted to it.
9: A group of men stand by some animal pins.
9: A train set with a train and a red and white barn.
9: A couple of cows resting in a field near the waters edge.
9: A man has his hand on top of a blender
9: Man, woman, and child brushing their teeth with different brushes. 
9: Two cardboard boxes stack on top of each other next to a metal box.
9: This living room includes a leather couch and a TV on the wall.
9: A man and woman slicing a cake while children watch.
9: A COUPLE OF YOUNG BOYS PLAYING BASEBALL .
9: Two zebras are grazing in the field that is scattered with small trees.
9: Ducks are enjoying the water off of the shore.
9: a street light some buildings some people and cars
9: Several children and one adult are doing exercises in a living room. 
9: There is a cat sitting on a chair.
9: A freight train on the tracks with a town in the back round.
9: Cleaned apple sitting next to apple peel and peeler.
9: Bananas hanging outside during the day with other items.
9: A bunch of clouds flying very high in the sky.
9: There is a jet airplane on the runway
9: A kitchen that has a checkered pattern floor.
9: The man is on the beach with his surfboard and dog. 
9: Three young boys with a plate with some cake on it.
9: a male in a black shirt on a skateboard
9: a storage garage filled with furniture and things
9: several people on a beach showering with their surfboards
9: A lighted curtain draped over a bed and star light.
9: Sitting on the train tracks and taking a deserved break from it all.
9: A silver spoon with a wilted leaf on it.
9: Four mini pizzas on a plate by a wine glass.
9: A guy playing the nintendo wii has a blast of a time
9: Five people stand in a room with many laptops on the desks.
9: A bunch of cars sitting still in the middle of a street
9: A man stands in the middle of the street.
9: A woman waiting on a bench on the sidewalk as people go by. 
9: A black Mercedes read "Supabaad" on the licence plate.
9: a boat filled iwth a lot of people rowing for You
9: An airplane is flying in the clear sky.
9: A bunch of boats are moored in a harbor
9: a close up of three hot dogs with mustard
9: A little girl holding an umbrella while standing outside.
9: a person skiing on a snow covered bank .
9: Some elephants that are together in an enclosure.
9: A man in a suit with a red tie that has a robot on it 
9: a laptop many pens and pencils a pair of scissors
9: A person eating a snack on a stick.
9: Picture of multiple ties of different colors hanging on a rack.
9: A mustached man engaged in play with a white disc.
9: A gingham doll poses in bed with a remote control.
9: A man holds an electronic device over his head.
9: An old looking multicolored train on the tracks near a platform.
9: The two skiers are enjoying sledding in the snow.
9: A hard swing ends in a strike call by the umpire.
9: The young soccer players are enjoying their intense game.
9: A woman holding a hair dryer and a mannequin 
9: Man pulling out baked goods from a large oven with a mitten.
9: THERE ARE DOUGHNUTS THAT ARE ON THE TABLE 
9: people are skiing down a pathway covered in snow
9: A woman blowing her hair with a dryer.
9: The kitchen counter is made of dark marble, while the cabinets are wood.
9: Three zebras are on the look out in the grasslands
9: A view of  a game being played in a very big stadium.
9: A big screen TV attracts the inquisitive cat.
9: A person in shorts and a tee surfing in the ocean
9: A man is holding an object towards an elder man.
9: A man in white kicks a soccer ball towards the goalie during the game 
9: A white and red subway sits at a covered station.
9: A pair of white bathroom sinks with matching vanity mirrors.
9: A small passenger plane loading cargo in an airport.
9: A woman wearing skis standing behind a child also wearing skis.
9: A baseball player is holding a bat in preparation to swing at a ball.
9: Two parrots perching on a tree branch in a tropical garden.
9: man swinging a tennis racket on tennis court
9: Some very big furry brown bears in a big grass field.
9: A large plane with a clover on it, flying in the sky.
9: This man is having his photo taken inside a cardboard display of a baseball player.
9: a small cat pushes up against a door.
9: Two people sitting on top of an elephant walking through a river.
9: Child in the grass holding a cel phone to its face and a water slide in the back.
9: Two cats on desk next to file shelves and computer.
9: A carrot sitting on a cutting board next to a knife.
9: Male professional baseball players playing a baseball game. 
9: People are standing near an airplane on the water.
9: A picture of some people playing with a kite.
9: A woman in blue jacket skiing on a hill.
9: A man sits at a bar in front of shelves full of bottles.
9: Two books are placed on pillows on a tidy bed.
9: A cat sitting on a laptop that is on a bed. 
9: An bed that has not been made with the shades closed
9: A large gray elephant standing next to other elephants.
9: A bunch of men are running to catch the frisbee that is thrown.
9: Two men who are playing Frisbee in the ocean.
9: A picture of some shoes on a table.
9: Children standing on the curb of a street under s sign.
9: A plane is surrounded by a high barbed-wire fence.
9: a soccer player getting ready to kick a soccer ball
9: A bus with the destination listed as Seattle
9: The large hanger has a large number of different airplanes on display.
9: an image of a man about to swing at a ball
9: A boy is sitting and eating a banana while smiling.
9: A slightly rusty train stopped on the tracks in the forest
9: Egyptair airplane standing on the tarmac at airport
9: A yellow and gray train is linked by heavy metal.
9: A couch on a trailer hooked to a bicycle.
9: A bunch of trains that are sitting on a track.
9: A small bedroom houses a tiny work space with a computer and other electronics.
9: A tennis player playing tennis in a field.
9: A bathroom with a white toilet next to a wall that has a mirror on it and a phone on it.
9: A small cow in a enclosure with straw on the floor. 
9: A den with couches and a large screen television.
9: Assortment of colorful flowers in glass vase on table. 
9: a large ship docked in a large body of water
9: a parked truck sits next to a shed 
9: An office area set up with multiple monitors
9: A bird is standing on the ground near a wooden fence. 
9: A group of three men standing in front of surfboards.
9: Cows standing on the side of a hill eating grass.
9: A row of suitcases of various colors on a tile floor.
9: A man is serving a tennis ball in a game of tennis.
9: Sheep with red stained wool huddle together in a grassy area.
9: A man in a wet suit holding a surfboard over his head.
9: An aerial view of the city of London on a cloudy day.
9: This black and white photo shows people walking with two horses
9: A man and a boy playing on a beach.
9: A girl in is riding a white horse on a sunny day.
9: two males one is rowing some water and trees
9: A man in black jacket cross country skiing through trees.
9: A cat laying on its stomach wearing a hat.
9: A bowl of french fries next to another container of pasta. 
9: A bunch of folks standing by a food truck.
9: A person stands under tent on the beach. 
9: Two giraffes in a zoo crane their necks.

9: A black animal up in tree at a zoo
9: A wall in a bathroom lined with urinals 
9: A photo of a street bridge crossing over a river.
9: A black dog's head pokes out of the frothy surf.
9: A cake that has various gelatins in it.
9: blue and white bird standing on a branch
9: A woman peering off the back of a train car.
9: A girl in a bathroom blow-drying her hair.
9: A man is holding a tennis ball and tennis racket while a woman is looking at him from behind.
9: A man in a snow suit snowboarding down a slope.
9: A very tall gray brick building has a tower and a clock on top of it.
9: a couple of umbrellas that are next to some water
9: A meal of sandwiches, potatoes, and Red Stripe beer.
9: Some grilled cheese are on a white plate with a bowl of chili nearby. 
9: City scene of cars at sunset going past stoplights.
9: Tomatoes, carrots and lemons are sitting on a table.
9: A knot of sheep are huddled close and looking out of a barbed wire fence with a frost-covered landscape behind them. 
9: an image of a man on skiis jumping in the air
9: a close up of a metal colored elephant statue
9: A well dressed man leaning against a wall.
9: A person riding a skate board past a concrete bench.
9: A nice living room has gold furniture and walls.
9: Cat laying on top of a picnic table. 
9: Several young children playing a game of soccer.
9: A grassy field with wildlife and lots of trees.
9: A bulldog looks at the camera with its tongue hanging out.
9: The dog is standing with a toy on the ground.
9: A group of people on baseball field with trees in the background.
9: The living room has a wood and glass coffee table, an area rug, a pillow covered futon, and a love seat in it.
9: Some steak and broccoli served on a plate.
9: A child is cutting a birthday cake with a knife.
9: The city bus is traveling down the road with its passengers.
9: A man sitting on a bench surrounded by trees. 
9: A living room scene with a person talking on a cell phone.
9: A person is taken in this very picture.

9: A young man standing on top of a field holding a baseball bat.
9: A view of kitchen, dining area and living room of a house.
9: A stuffed panda bear sitting next to a buddha statue.
9: A kid with a baseball bat with a ball being thrown to him.
9: A cheese pizza that is half way in an oven.
9: A person sitting by the water with a bike.
9: a purple smoothie inside of a blender bleneded
9: A toilet is being used as a plant pot outside.
9: A man lays down holding his cell phone.
9: The corner of a bathroom with a urinal on the tiled wall.
9: A baby is sitting on a bed holding a baby bottle.
9: The sheep are grazing on the grassy field. 
9: FENCED IN FIELD OF SNOW WITH MOUNTAINS AND OVERCAST SKY
9: A woman sitting on the ground with fruits and vegetables.
9: A surfer wipes out as the waves break.
9: a person skiing on a snow covered snow bank.
9: A group of people in costumes and most on horses carrying flags.
9: A cat lazing on a bed with striped sheets
9: A man sits at a table with various items on it.
9: An apron wearing man cooks at an industrial stove.
9: Two people laying on a green bunk beds
9: A truck is pulling a horse trailer at a festival.
9: There is one bed and a window in the room.
9: A person sitting in a dark room with a bright light coming in the window.
9: A street scene with two cars stopped at an intersection.
9: A white plated topped with pasta and vegetables.
9: A cat sleeps on a leather couch with a blanket.
9: a woman throwing up a tennis ball during a serve 
9: a mom and her two children eating a meal
9: A large gray bear with a smaller bear on it's lap.
9: The front end of a motorcycle in a parking lot.
9: a small creek sits underneath a sun set
9: A small train that is traveling down railroad tracks.
9: Two toilets in a public restroom with disability bars.
9: A Pekinese dog looking out a window wearing a yellow leash.
9: A man riding a skateboard on on a bench next to a light pole.
9: The lady is holding a kitchen utensil above the red bowl.
9: Crowds walk along a city street while carrying umbrellas.
9: a man riding a surfboard on a wave in the ocean.
9: A flat screen TV sitting on top of a shelf in a living room.
9: A pile of a pigs in a blanket.
9: An orange cat laying on a colorful backpack.
9: Nice bathroom has a large white bath tub
9: A man in white shirt catching a frisbee on a fie.d
9: The room has a dining table, a television, and a coffee table.
9: Two elephants in a dirt covered enclosure with a reenforced fence.
9: A group of people standing up against a metal hand rail.
9: Many people on horse line the streets in a city. 
9: A group of children playing Little League baseball.
9: A fighter jet plane ascending into the sky.
9: a tan van traveling down a road next to a sidewalk.
9: This is a table set up for a birthday celebration for someone.
9: A giraffe with its tongue out, being hand fed a carrot. 
9: A man leaping in the air to catch a Frisbee.
9: A stuffed bear that is under the blanket.
9: The bicycle is parked on the side of the alley.
9: Oriental style soup in foam take out cup. 
9: there is a baseball game going on at a stadium
9: A plate with sardines, carrots, green beans and potatoes.
9: Two semi trucks are parked on the side of the road.
9: A parking meter that has a sign to end homelessness on it.
9: A white vehicle being towed by a white and orange tow truck.
9: A young man in a black car speaking on a cell phone.
9: A red bus parked in front of a large building.
9: Looking at a bathroom with a ladder shelf, bathtub, toilet and sink.
9: A dimly lit modern bathroom with some clothes and towels hanging by the shower.
9: Two people on skis and a dog are standing in the snow.
9: a semi truck with the in n out logo on the side of it 
9: A large group of skateboarders are in the street.
9: A street that has a clock tower at the end of it.
9: Someone is petting a horse while holding a baby.
9: A pink bunny in a blue water toilet bowl.
9: A pizza on a white plate with sauce and lots of cheese.
9: A dog laying on grass with a frisbee in his mouth.
9: I tennis player in a red shirt just served the ball.
9: A street sign pointing at different locations in different directions.
9: A farmland with a vehicle working on the land. 
9: A large kitchen with an island in the middle
9: A person snowboarding down a snowy hill. 
9: A man kneels in the dirt behind a toothbrush tied to the ground.
9: Young woman wearing winter clothing alongside friend preparing to eat slice of pizza.
9: A small yellow bird sitting on top of a green bird feeder
9: Groups of skiers stand around in the snow. 
9: The office space is small and a bit cluttered.
9: a man that is doing a trick on his skateboard
9: A young woman dressed in black eating a piece of pizza.
9: a long desk with three laptops on it
9: An old fasioned locomotive arriving at a train station.
9: An open toilet seat next to a urinal. 
9: A baseball playing in a white uniform up for bat
9: A table covered with food with red sauce and some drinks.
9: A herd of cows are by a brick house.
9: The two cats are eating from their respective bowls.
9: Several cars parked near a desk holding a computer.
9: A traffic light with little faces to help people know what to do.
9: A woman wearing a wedding gown holding flowers is in a car with a man in a suit and tie.
9: The man wrestles in the snow with the large red tent.
9: A kitchen with a microwave, stove, oven, dishwasher and sink.
9: A group of people riding on the back of a boat in a river.
9: A white and orange cat sitting inside of a sink.
9: A house boat with many bikes on a riverbank.
9: A big kite lays on the beach as others fly in the air. 
9: This aerial shot shows several people using a cross walk while holding umbrellas.
9: A woman skiing beside a park regards a dog.
9: A grey teddy bear in a crocheted sweater and hat.
9: The bathroom has one window near the bathtub.
9: A room with a day bed is very cluttered and dusty.
9: A desktop computer and mouse at a desk.
9: A picture of a very dirty small bathroom.
9: A stoplight with a busy city street in the background.
9: A man working on a skateboard in a kitchen.
9: Boats on the water with mountains in the background.
9: a post with flags on it outside 
9: A guy rail grinding a skateboard on a ramp.
9: A blue street sign that says Four Waiting Lanes Ahead.
9: A group of women are sitting over a table with a large pizza.
9: A woman in black shirt in living room with sofa and coffee table.
9: A woman holding a baseball bat with a man catching behind her.
9: A group of people having a discussion at a long dinner table.
9: A very pretty rest room with a large basin sink.
9: A herd of cows are sitting on the beach.
9: a person dressed in stockings, a blue button shirt, tie and hat
9: A clear vase filled with various dried flowers and filler.
9: a cat sits in front of a remote control 
9: A white kitchen with a grey counter top.
9: Some people are sitting on benches by a fountain.
9: A group of people eating food at an outdoor picinic
9: Two giant umbrellas next to each other on the beach. 
9: a male in a blue shirt is hitting a ball
9: The man is wearing a pirate hat, talking on the phone, and walking down the street.
9: Living room full of different vintage furniture and television
9: This cronut has  been dipped in orange marmalade. 
9: A teddy bear sits tucked into a bed.
9: A tennis player after hitting a shot back to the other side of the court.
9: A group of people sitting around a table sharing a meal.
9: A train is going down some railroad tracks.
9: Delicious glazed chocolate donuts resting on one another. 
9: Four elephants walk across a dirt path surrounded by grassy plains.
9: a horse and a donkey eating grass in a fenced in pasture 
9: A large three wheel trike with a basket and a large red umbrella.
9: A house with a rainbow colored flag on it and a large body of water in front of it.
9: A beach that has a large number of blue umbrellas.
9: This is a group of ducks walking across a Sam's Club parking lot.
9: A white plate topped with a sandwich and potatoes.
9: A group of people standing outside of a mansion in the snow.
9: A bullet train slows down in a train station.
9: A bathroom has a black shower curtain and mirror.
9: People with umbrellas row a boat down a stream in the rain.
9: A white joystick held by a child for a video game.
9: A teddy bear sitting next to a picture of himself on a sandy beach and other travel memorabilia.
9: A bull walks through the middle of the street.
9: Three fire hydrants painted in vibrant, contrasting colors. 
9: A yellow forklift parked in front of a building next to a metal rail.
9: A hand with scissors cutting into some sheets of paper.
9: a child holding a tennis racket on a tennis court.
9: An old couple sitting on a bench looking at the ground.
9: Man and woman at an outdoor restaurant smiling for camera.
9: Two girls standing next to a black and white animal.
9: a woman talking a cell phone as she walks by some red windows 
9: A panda walking slowly in his dirt enclosure.
9: The makings on a peanut butter sandwich on green bread
9: there is a man taking a picture with his cigarette in his mouth 
9: A kitchen and dining room  area inside a house.
9: A man riding a motor scooter on a wet road.
9: THIS IS A PICTURE OF A STREET SIGN WITH A BIRD IN FLIGHT IN THE BACK GROUND
9: Black, white, and yellow bird sitting on the edge of a plastic cup. 
9: A skateboarder is doing a tick on the ramp.
9: There is a shirtless man swinging a tennis racket.
9: Ornate Victorian style furnishings and decor in a bedroom
9: A beautiful young lady walking a black and white dog past a hotel.
9: A large brown brick building with a clock in it.
9: A man with a tie smiling while sitting down.
9: a small girl in a white shirt  is playing tennis
9: three members of a baseball team playing a game
9: People on a beach laying in the sun. 
9: There are several skaters at a skate park skating around.
9: A baseball hitter swings and prepares to run.
9: A woman and child playing frisbee on the beach
9: An old man that is leaning against a pole right by the corner.
9: The back of a sign in a park on a fall day.
9: a pitcher of liquid sitting on a table next to some sliced oranges
9: Two giraffes laying down in the grass while another stands by a fence and with its head behind a tree.
9: a man with eye glasses laying on a coach and holding a teddy bear
9: A fried egg is shown with broccoli on a plate. 
9: A man with a shaved head playing a video game on the Nintendo Wii.
9: Four different views of different computer peripherals. 
9: An empty kitchen with a white stove top oven.
9: Two game birds with red heads on the sidewalk.
9: cows eating some grass in the shade by some water 
9: A little girl that is standing on a skateboard.
9: a guy on a beach holding a surf board.
9: A dark room with a tv playing spongebob squarepants
9: A Roman numeral clock attached to the side of a building.
9: The man and the woman eat food at the harbor
9: Bottles of wine are inside of a refrigerator.
9: Many skiers make their way down a gentle slope.
9: Three people are gathered together in a group
9: A couple of zebras are standing in a field
9: A bicycle is mounted on the back of a motorcycle.
9: A man on a surfboard riding on the waters waves.
9: a close up of a pizza cutter next to a pizza pie.
9: two people standing playing nintendo wii with one another
9: Two birds fly through the clouds over a mountain.
9: A lady sleeping on a couch while holding onto and snuggling a teddy bear.
9: a toy microwave open with a fake hotdog sitting outside of it
9: there are many different signs on the same street pole
9: Two men on their laptops while listening to a speaker.
9: Two yellow plates have a red bird on them while one has a yellow bird on it.
9: A robin perches upon a park bench on a green lawn.
9: French toast with bacon, bananas and syrup on a plate.
9: a couple of women pose for a picture 
9: A silver bus is parked on the pavement. 
9: a boy on a skateboard performs a stunt near a train
9: A kitchen with two sinks under a couple of windows.
9: A block of cheese on a cutting board with a knife in it 
9: A wooden bench nestled by a fountain on a vine covered wall in a garden
9: A cow grazing in a field by a body of water.
9: Three birds perched on a cylindrical bird feeder.
9: A big white box truck parked on a city street on a nice day.
9: A cat sitting in front of a television watching a show.
9: A bag, some candy, a notebook, picture, video camera and several other items are shown.
9: a blue suitcase is sitting on a wooden chair
9: A bunch of skis leaning up against a ski rack
9: A green tray of food with hotdogs, french fries and a drink.
9: A boy getting ready to blow out birthday candles with a girl watching.
9: there is a vase and a bowl of fruits on this table
9: A stop sign on the side of a street.
9: a black bear is standing in some tall grass
9: A bathroom with sheer curtains framing the tub
9: Four cows are eating grass on a hillside.
9: A group of surfers walking along the beach.
9: A person on a skateboard is up high in the air near lights.
9: A dog is in mid air with a frisbee ring in it's mouth.
9: A tray of food has many different food on it 
9: A small gold clock on a fireplace mantle.
9: Two large dogs are in a park with a frisbee.
9: A bathroom is seen in a black and white photo.
9: The Queen of England and Prince Edward courting picture and anniversary picture comparison. 
9: A young girl in pink swinging a tennis racquet on a hard surface tennis court.
9: A pile of remote controls on top of a table.
9: a woman and a dog in her kitchen waiting as she prepares a meal
9: A plane flying in the sky with a trail of white smoke behind it.
9: A very tall clock tower on top of a rocky hill.
9: A black bear is walking around his confined space at the zoo.
9: City scape with harbor and boats in the foreground.
9: A table outside a restaurant with a pizza and large glass of beer.
9: A man with an orange bow tie sits on a bed.
9: A vase with red berries and green stems.
9: Several cross country skiers, some skiing and some carrying their skis.
9: A male wearing black pants and a black hoodie stands with one foot on a skateboard inside a skate park
9: A painting that has a gold frame on it.
9: a stone building with a clock at the front of it
9: A living room that has two couches, a table and a fireplace.
9: A woman is preparing a meal in a large pot on the stove.
9: A cat sitting in a bathroom window by some cleaning gloves.
9: A person petting a horse that has a blonde mane.
9: A grey and white bird using its beak to dig into its feathers.
9: Scene of sinks in the process of being completed
9: Empty building with mopeds in front, all bearing the same phone number.
9: Boy in the motion of swinging at an incoming baseball. 
9: Airplane on the runway with the sun reflecting down.
9: Three men posing for a picture with a snow board in one of the mans hands 
9: a close up of a person wearing a sweater and a tie
9: A microwave that has items on top of it.
9: an analog clock on a street pole with multiple buildings in the background
9: Two white sheep are resting in a field.
9: A blue tinted photograph of a man flying a kite on the beach.
9: a train on a train track at a train station
9: A plate with a cake on it next to pears.
9: a little dog trying to pick up a Frisbee
9: a girl is brushing her teeth a mirror and some bottles
9: A man jumping in the air while swinging a tennis racket.
9: The two men collaborate on a workplace project.
9: An adult is playing a game of frisbee with a small child.
9: Two cows wading through a flooded grass plain.
9: A woman wearing black with a number on her leg is moving forward on skis.
9: A man serving the ball in a nighttime tennis match.
9: A train with colorful graffiti on it 
9: A sign pointing towards a McDonald's is posted on a traffic light pole.
9: Black and white picture of an object laying on a bed with sun coming through the window.
9: A building on Lincoln Ave called Time to Eat
9: An elegant  well furnished living and dining room.
9: Three men are standing behind a large horse.
9: A tall giraffe walking through a lush green field.
9: little kids standing around a tennis court holding rackets
9: Some men in armoured gear are passing by a bus
9: A group of shaggy haired sheep standing beside a building.
9: multiple kites fly high in the sky near a stadium
9: Assortment of lunch items on serving plate displayed.
9: A black cat sitting next to a box of doughnuts.  
9: A boy in a uniform and yellow cap throwing a baseball. 
9: a car that has been converted into a boat floating on water
9: Two large giraffes standing next to each other. 
9: People ski at a ski lodge during a snowstore.
9: A surfer in a wetsuit riding a wave
9: a busy street with taxi's parked down the road.
9: He is high up above the ramp on his skateboard.
9: A teddy bear sits on top of the blanket.
9: A dog holding a frisbee in its mouth.
9: An elephant walks around a fenced in area. 
9: An empty street is shown with a stop light that is green.
9: A woman with an umbrella standing next to a parking lot.
9: A skier going down a mountain with the sun behind them. 
9: A skier in a red jacket is near a thicket of trees in the snow.
9: A yellow fire hydrant with several valves on it.
9: A cat sitting in front of a TV, watching a show.
9: A picture of a man in black skate boarding down a city street.
9: A motorcycle parked behind two vans in a parking lot.
9: A covered stool has Christmas packaged on it.
9: Some cows with horns laying on a beach.
9: Black and white photo of a kitchen counter and window.
9: A man feeding a giraffe at a park
9: A yellow traffic light with a set of three different colors.
9: A man watching sports on his laptop. 
9: A patio umbrella pointed inside out over a picnic table.
9: A child holding a cell phone to its ear.
9: A elephant that is standing near the trees.
9: The boy slides along the bench on his skateboard.
9: an image of a clock tower high in  the air
9: A black, steam locomotive pulling many train cars behind it.
9: a man in the water with his arm on his surfboard 
9: A dog laying down next to a pool in a backyard.
9: Half of a hot dog with different ingredients on top
9: a slew of traffic driving down a free way 
9: A person standing on a snowboard in the snow. 
9: A sign that is on the side of a pole.
9: Two men playing a game with Wii remote controllers.
9: A man with a black backpack drinking wine with a lady
9: A man in a wet suit standing with his board.
9: there is a white disney bus that passed under the train tracks
9: A tray on a table with plates of food and dipping sauces and a drink.
9: A baseball player attempting a bunt during a baseball game.
9: A frisbee on snow-covered ground with writing on it.
9: A plate of noodles and vegetables is seen here.
9: there are two men and two women one woman has a bike
9: The man holding a plastic bag is at an open refrigerator.
9: A person riding a motorcycle on a street.
9: A bird perched in a green leaf filled tree.
9: A man sitting in a grounded white airplane.
9: A dog looks at the camera while sitting on the couch.
9: A baseball player holding a bat on top of a baseball field.
9: A person doing tricks on a skateboard about to fall
9: The people is sitting in the middle of the blue water
9: A corner of an empty city street with cars parked on the road.
9: Competitive snow skier in red, white and blue outfit.
9: Elephants standing beside each other outside on a road. 
9: A toilet seat with lots of options on the seat.
9: A photo of a truck stop fuel station. 
9: There is a fire hydrant in the middle of the grass.
9: A group of mopeds passing on a street.
9: A couple of traffic lights sitting by a sunset and water.
9: A woman sitting in a bed with a laptop on her belly.
9: A blue patterned china plate filled with broccoli and cauliflower. 
9: The woman is taking a picture of herself and the giraffe. 
9: A curio cabinet displaying an assortment of vases.
9: a man that is on a skateboard in the dirt
9: Four men play tennis together on a sunny day. 
9: A banana split with chocolate, vanilla, and strawberry ice cream.
9: Two bears, in water, playing or wrestling causing the water to splash.
9: two sheep laying in a field of grass
9: A small tower with baskets and flowers on it.
9: A black bird sitting on a pole among the trees
9: A woman on a couch with a cat.
9: a baseball player throwing a pitch from the mound
9: The tray has a sandwich and two bowls near a beverage. 
9: A group of women are sitting at a table with plates of food and chopsticks.
9: A stuffed white bear attached to a smaller one
9: A kitchen with a table in the middle.
9: A little boy sitting in the snow on ski's
9: A surfer rides a large wave in the ocean.
9: A grop of girls stand around with umbrellas.
9: A boy in a blue t-shirt holds a green baseball bat.
9: A paper cutout of a man being held up against a Michigan bus
9: Firemen gathered around a fire hydrant on a city street.
9: A person feeding a cow some food by a fence.
9: A kitchen counter with some appliances on it
9: A woman walks down the middle of the road with a red cloak on.
9: Four giraffes run across a field in front of trees.
9: A group of people are skiing while dressed in costumes.
9: a vending machine that has some food in it
9: An open laptop computer sitting on top of a table.
9: A blue semi truck without a load, parked.
9: a pot of water boils next to a frying pan with various ingredients cooking in it
9: there is a male bartender that is pouring a glass of whine
9: A tennis player on the court starting to move towards a ball.
9: A refrigerator in the likeness of a Marshall amp is open. 
9: Picture of infant in white outfit holding a teddy bear smiling nicely
9: A man near a desk with a dog on his lap
9: A car has to stop for the red light at this intersection.
9: Left handed batter, catcher, and umpire waiting for thrown baseball to arrive at home plate.
9: A couple of large elephants standing next to each other.
9: Collage of green activities and signs expressing innovation.
9: An elephant curling its trunk behind a wire fence.
9: A man rides his motorcycle with a helmet on.
9: A zebra stands alone in the grass in an artificial habitat.
9: A view from the back of a brown horse on a beach.
9: A den with a couch, table, monitor and television with a rug.
9: two horses in a field one with a white stripe down its nose
9: a boat with some people and a red and white plane
9: A giraffe stands next to a wall in a zoo exhibit.
9: A clock is seen on a wall above a table.
9: Two boys play with a frisbee on sand in front of tall grass. 
9: A number of red and green traffic lights on a wide highway.
9: An unbaked pizza sitting on a rack in the oven.
9: A Polar Bear walks toward water, while a large bird lands on the opposite bank.
9: The sign on the side of the road is telling motorcycles to use caution. 
9: A brown colored dog is laying on someone's shoes.
9: a man riding a motorcycle on a track 
9: A black and white picture of an elderly woman sitting at a sewing machine.
9: A group of five zebras stand in a field.
9: A person with a slice of pizza and a bottle.
9: A man lounging back in a green kayak up on the beach.
9: a person riding skis on a snowy surface
9: A lady is sitting on a toilet surrounded by bright pink walls.
9: an image of a boy sitting on a bench posing for a photo
9: an image of a table setting with a breakfast platter on it
9: a man is sitting on his atv in the parking lot
9: a woman standing on the sidewalk holding onto a pink umbrella
9: a coin meter that has paint all over it
9: A man standing on top of a tarmac next to a small airplane.
9: a man playing with a Frisbee playing in the park
9: Large farm equipment driving through an open field.
9: a little boy that is eating food in bed
9: A city bus with a bicycle on the front makes a stop for people to board.
9: A group of men play Wii on top of yoga mats.
9: A table that has a vase on it near a blanket hanging on a wall.
9: a kite skier on a white board is in the air
9:  A jet airliner flying in the air carrying some passengers. 
9: A couple of people wearing umbrella hats next to the ocean.
9: A young boy is posing with a purple and white skateboard
9: Girl talking on cellphone holding an umbrella next to sign.
9: This bird has a long beak, long legs and a wide wingspan.
9: Server smiling while carrying food inside a busy restaurant.
9: A airplane flying in the sky above a structure and below the clouds.
9: A large bird standing on top of a beach next to water.
9: A large old building has a clock tower on it.
9: A photo of a man with a person shoe up to his chest and a frisbee in the air.
9: A rusted out van sitting in a garage.
9: A bathroom with fresh towels stored under the counter. 
9: A young man turns on his skateboard mid-air over the concrete steps.
9: A woman is trying to hit a ball with a tennis racket.
9: a close up of two dogs laying on a wooden floor
9: The top of a boat and some birds flying over it.
9: A couple of surfers in wetsuits catching a gentle wave
9: A man is looking at a piece of paper
9: Teddy bear in toothy mouth of shark like artworks on front of car.
9: Containers line up on a railroad track near electrical poles.
9: a small crowd of people watching a doubles match of tennis
9: A man on a miniature boat near larger docked boats with Canadian flags.
9: A car that is next to a truck with boxes.
9: A Amtrak train traveling on a railroad tracks.
9: A man in a wet suit is carrying a surfboard.
9: The boat is sailing on the river with people in it.
9: Several vases on a table with different flowers in them. 
9: Boats are docked under a roof in a marina.
9: Two customers and three employees interact in the deli.
9: Three Giraffes sitting next to small dried trees.
9: Several trains coming to a complete stop on the tracks.
9: Skiers go down the slopes of the mountain a midst the clouds.
9: A man holding a kite in his hand while standing in a field.
9: a man with a red cup sitting on a skateboard next to the curb
9: A pair of people playing tennis on a court.
9: Two men are flying their kites in the sky.
9: a monitor sits on a desk in front of a keyboard 
9: A telephone pole with two street signs on it.
9: A little boy with a pink blanket and a remote control sitting on a couch.
9: A no cursing sign posted as a street sign.
9: an image of a bathroom setting with white fixtures
9: A young man is holding a snowboard in the snow.
9: A few trees are growing in a barren area.
9: The metro train is painted white with blue lettering.
9: A black and white cat is sitting on a couch and sniffing a banana.
9: A wedding cake decorated with a tree design.
9: A man and woman standing with giraffes in the background.
9: A vase with straw flowers sitting on a table along with two candles.
9: A very large long train on a track.
9: a woman laying on a couch looking at a laptop
9: A cat with its facing hanging over a keyboard.
9: A man standing on top of a snow covered ski slope.
9: Group of people on beach near ocean surfing.
9: A red bird is sitting on a bird feeder. 
9: People walk across an intersection while buses drive by. 
9: a table that has a very large piece of pizza on it
9: A cat that is laying on some black shoes.
9: A couple of guys are playing video games
9: A person touching the top of a fire hydrant.
9: A group of people that are sitting around a table.
9: A very attractive female tennis player on the court.
9: Five small sail boats are in a line on the water.
9: A dull living room holds several books and a small tv.
9: There white motorcycles on grassy area next to trees.
9: A blue car passing a sign that reads "crepes ice cream gelato."
9: A park at night is shown, with an empty bench centered
9: a dresser top with a computer on top of it 
9: A middle-aged gray haired woman displays a Wii Box to a person holding the controls. 
9: a little kid that has a phone in her hand
9: a chubby man making a silly face for the camera 
9: A man and woman are riding on a motorcycle at night.
9: A woman standing next to a horse in a field.
9: a care bear standing in front of a bunch of books 
9: A man sitting on his knees in the snow.
9: A woman holding a lighted birthday cake, as a man hold the child.
9: people sitting on a bench facing the water.
9: a bunch of umbrellas that are inside of a building
9: brown cabinets in a kitchen with black appliances 
9: A female vendor  on a boat handing out freshly fried fish.
9: A boy in a base ball uniforming with a ball in his hand.
9: a collection of light wood cabinets sit in a warehouse
9: a plate of chilies with carrots and peas
9: A girl using a computer sits on her bed.
9: there is a large brick oven that is empty
9: Cat standing on papers looking at a laptop computer.
9: The man is drinking at the table outside.
9: Some little kids that are touching an animal.
9: A person that is standing on a skateboard. 
9: a couple of orange cones that are next to some buildings
9: A bride and a groom are preparing to cut a wedding cake.
9: Four large horses standing together in a clearing.
9: A guy on a motocycle waiting at an inter section.
9: A train is in the distance on some train tracks. 
9: A person flies a kite along a cloudy beach on a clear day.
9: A group of sheep stand in the grass by a rock cliff.
9: a close up of a plate of food with broccoli
9: A bowl of salad next to a plate with a sandwich, salad and two glasses of beer.
9: A view of some alcohol with a glass filled.
9: a basket of bananas and some apples on a table
9: A cat is walking on a rug in a living room
9: A dinning hall with dark wooden furniture and circular light fixtures. 
9: Plate of fries and meatball sandwich sits on table
9: A little boy in a green shirt holding a purple toy.
9: City art installation showing a picture of a girl.
9: Two birds perched on a tree branch outside. 
9: A brown cow standing in grassy area next to trees.
9: Chickens play next to the pretty yellow flowers 
9: Many different birds are eating food out of different kinds of bird feeders.
9: some people are riding horses at the beach
9: Street sign on pole outside of building with windows.
9: A man pushes his dog across a wood floor on a skateboard.
9: A cook cutting open fruit in the kitchen.
9: The two people are asleep on the wooden bench
9: a elephant plays in a body of water 
9: A tv sitting on an airplan next to an electronic device.
9: A mans feet and legs are shown as he stands over a black and white toilet. 
9: A white appliance with lots of clutter on top of it.
9: A cutting sitting upright in a pottery bowl on a coffee table
9: A girl sitting in a wheelchair is playing tennis.
9: Two brown bears growling at each other while laying on a log.
9: A forlorn looking pug rests its head on an empty plastic bottle
9: A lot of people are lining up to snow boarding.
9: A very big work station with a bunch of computers.
9: A puppy has pulled toilet paper across the bathroom floor.
9: Cars are parked on the street next to an old fire hydrant.
9: A CAT LAYING ON THE FLOOR AMIDST A COMPUTER,SPEAKERS,CORDS
9: Someone wearing high heel shoes and socks with their shoes
9: A bathroom with comics taped above the urinals.
9: A teddy bear is sitting on a wood post.
9: A woman walking down a street holding a marilyn monroe umbrella.
9: a small group of people riding a little red train 
9: A green light and foreign road signs are seen in a picture.
9: A couple slices of a very small pizza, with a fork near it.
9: A tall brick tower with a massive clock on it's side.
9: a traffic light a sidewalk and some different buildings
9: a marble top kitchen counter and a all black stove 
9: Pizza served at an Italian restaurant, with patrons in background.
9: A demolished bathroom with a sink, toilet and tub.
9: A computer user sits at a desk, surrounded b various forms of technology.
9: A man on a horse leading a herd of sheep
9: Sign of Arch Street Fire Department saying "He who laughs last thinks slowest"
9: an elephant uses his tusk to lift a mans hat 
9: a girl standing in a tennis court with her racket.
9: A metal statue of two women sitting on a bench.
9: The motorcycle is parked on the side of the road.
9: A refrigerator shelf with multiple containers of a liquid. 
9: A person is smiling holding a cell phone to their face.
9: Striped cat sitting under the bed looking at the camera
9: A couple is talking in the kitchen with a phone.
9: a man leaning on the seat of a motorcycle
9: A photo of three men sitting together on the couch.
9: Three people in the heavy snow on skis.
9: An older man dishing some cake on to plates.
9: A one way, left turn only, straight only, no right turn, street sign and traffic light.
9: Girl in the kitchen making hot stuffed sandwiches
9: A CHILD IS CUTTING PAPER AT THE TABLE
9: There is two laptops on the table and bag on one of the chairs.
9: Some people with wine glasses are smiling and laughing.
9: Pitchers and bowls of items are sitting on the counter top
9: Skate boarder grinding on a park bench with man arching 
9: The elephant is walking along the trail near the fence.
9: Green eyed cat laying in a duffle bag.
9: A flat screen tv in a living room with several windows.
9: A street intersection with a traffic light over it.
9: A woman rests in bed with her laptop.
9: A teddy bear setting on a park bench holding a book pretending to read.
9: Two giraffes that are standing in the grass.
9: a women bent down looking at a piece of cake
9: An ambulance that has wrecked and rolled on its side.
9: The black bears are together on the rocks eating outside.
9: A young boy wearing a suite and smiling.
9: A living room with a couch that has a dog on it.
9: A man in a blue shirt and jeans in an office space.
9: A taxi cab that driving down the street.
9: two people push a red object into the water at a beach
9: A fire truck sitting in the stations park lot.
9: A young child kneeling in the snow while snowboarding.
9: A wooden tray with a loaf of bred and a serving knife.
9: Two men are paying for their pastries at a counter.
9: A horse behind a fence and fence door with a sign that says "Be Aware Horses May Bite or Kick".
9: Kitchen with hardwood floor and modern fridge. 
9: Tourists photographing a steam locomotive pulling into a station.
9: A man is filling up water jugs at a sink.
9: two people standing in front of a large digital clock getting their picture taken while a group of people watch
9: a group of giraffe standing next a pile of wood
9: A tennis player swinging a racket at a tennis ball.
9: A cat sleeping in a wicker seat with a green blanket
9: Three elephants, one a baby appearing to be holding it's mother's tail, in wet land, but arid hill in background.
9: A woman holding an object with a handle with a fierce look.
9: A traffic pole with numerous signs attached to it.
9: People are standing outside of a plane with luggage.
9: People on a beach beneath many colorful kites.
9: A horse doing a jump over an obstacle.
9: A cup of ice cream with chocolate syrup and bananas.
9: A young man performs a trick on a skate board.
9: A kitchen is featured with a refrigerator, microwave and stove.
9: a bed that looks like it has blood on it and a big hole in the paneling 
9: A train is waiting at a small train station.
9: Some geese that are swimming near some boats.
9: A business man standing with a glass in his hand.
9: A man stands in a large pizza kitchen.
9: A giraffe standing on a stretch of sand at a zoo.
9: A group of people on a small boat with umbrella.
9: A four way stop sign that is on the corner of an intersection
9: Two teddy bears sitting at a table with honey
9: a man looking at a laptop while sitting at a desk 
9: a bed and a desk and chair by a big window
9: Two zebras looking for something to eat in a field.
9: a man on a tennis court running a bit
9: A close up picture of a fire hydrant on a street.
9: A large brown bear standing on top of a pile of rocks.
9: A vase is sitting on a table in a bare room.
9: There is a sandwich with chips on the plate. 
9: A man riding a wave on top of a surfboard.
9: A  young skateboarder doing tricks by a building.
9: A man sitting at a table next to a plate of food and bottle of beer. 
9: A living room that contains a tv, two couches, a rug and a lamp.
9: A umbrella that is hanging upside down from wood.
9: The baseball player is excited about his good play.
9: A group of baseball players that are in the dirt.
9: Two trains stop at a station while many people move about.
9: a person riding a scooter with folded cardboard
9: A smiling guy with a very funny looking hat of bananas.
9: A baby elephant stands under a larger adult elephant.
9: This woman has long hair and she is using a hair dryer. 
9: A man with video game remotes in his hand and a neon necklace around his neck. 
9: A man on  a pair of skis, and another kneeling on the snow with it's snow board.
9: People at a dining table with bowls of food and drinks.
9: A clock tower with a set windows and a weather indicator on top.
9: A large airplane flying in the sky with a pink sky 
9: A green car and a bus travel down a street. 
9: Standing suit cases being stored in a room.
9: A woman at a table with a laptop talking.
9: Some carrots and greens on a white plate
9: an adult elephant is pulling on a rope by a tire and baby elephant
9: an image of a plate of noodles cheese and broccoli
9: a man that is holding a doughnut in hand
9: A man that is standing near a plane in the grass.
9: A woman holding an umbrella sits under a waterfall.
9: an extreme close up of the bottom of a skate board
9: A boy in striped shirt drinking from a bottle.
9: A bottle with different fruits balanced on top of it.
9: A Tractor Truck sitting in a parking area.
9: Small room with a washing machine, sink, and green painted walls. 
9: A little boy is playing Frisbee with a monkey on his back.
9: The older style fire hydrant is on the side of the road.
9: a plane at the airport with some cars by it 
9: Slices of pizza in a box next to a DVD movie.
9: A display of a variety of female outfits, shoes, and handbags.
9: Image of a pillar advertisement unit at an outdoor cafe setting.
9: A person with a Frisbee on a field.
9: Silhouette of a person hang gliding in the water.
9: BRICK PAVED STREET WITH A VERY UNIQUE DESIGN
9: a herd of sheep graze on some green grass together 
9: A group of zebras eating in a n enclosure
9: A woman is knelt down at an open refrigerator.
9: A banana laying next to a plastic container with lid.
9: A man brushes his teeth under harsh lighting.
9: person on skis and snow poles slides down snow
9: Library with table and closed laptops with one person studying.
9: A chateau style building with a clock on top of the tower.
9: a woman tennis player stands in stance ready to hit the ball 
9: A man is on the bank of the water fishing
9: a very beautiful house which the lights are on
9: There is a tall clock tower lit by lights
9: Two people are sitting at a table at a restaurant.  The man in green is holding his cell phone and the woman in pink is holding hers.
9: a close up of a child eating a banana
9: A view of a hotel room with green walls.
9: a baseball player and he is holding a bat
9: A player can be seen trying to slide into home plate.
9: A young boy wearing a striped shirt eating some food. 
9: A picture of a cat lying inside a dry sink
9: A pair of city busses stopped by pillars on a street.
9: A three tiered cake is on a table under an arch. 
9: A boy asleep on a large bed under a mosquito net
9: Ball flies down the field towards the baseball batter ready to hit it
9: Stuffed animals left out on the bench at the beach
9: A control panel sitting up against a yellow wall.
9: A women who is petting the trunk of an elephant.
9: A giraffe bends down to graze on some grass. 
9: Brightly colored blue and orange covers placed on a bed.
9: A person standing on a surfboard in the water.
9: There are flowered vases and framed pictures set against a wall with balloons hanging above it.
9: Two kids on bikes with one having a backpack.
9: This is a beautiful and extremely neat bedroom.
9: an orange street sign saying to stop ahead
9: A lamb has made its way to the food trough alongside a grassy hill.
9: A kitchen area with counter, sink and stove.
9: A woman looks at her old model flip cell phone.
9: A zebra under a tree in an eclosed area in a zoo.
9: A room full of people, some with cameras, paying close attention.
9: A quaint toilet in a room with no door, a chair sitting outside of the area.
9: A street sign has stickers all over it.
9: A black bird with a red beak sitting in a swampy marsh area.
9: A shapely and artful vase atop a counter.
9: A light colored cat sits in the window.
9: A stuffed bear is resting by a tree overlooking the sea.
9: a man on a snowboard is going down a hill
9: A train has stopped and people are getting off.
9: Two children are riding a surfboard with a man.
9: a close up of a bench surrounded by plant life
9: A dog stands on the back of a striped couch as a person lays on the couch with a lap top computer and another dog lays his head near the person.
9: Two hot dogs with toppings sit on foil wrappers.
9: some people at a table with some food and drinks
9: a close up of a zebra walking on a field 
9: a group of young people playing soccer on a field
9: Woman holding tomato over item being prepared for baking.
9: A freshly baked pizza with greens, meat, and cheese.
9: a kitchen mini  refrigerate  black square 
9: An intersection shows  an expanse of empty road and then a car coming out from under a large arch that looks like a giant Chinese letter and stands between two buildings that stand at the forefront of am open walled walkway and retail venues. 
9: A group of elephants that are standing in the dirt.
9: A house has some strange silver stuff on the floor.
9: A snowboarder on the slope laying on his board
9: A giraffe is walking through a wooded area.
9: Several bananas hooked up to wires to product a charge hooked to a laptop.
9: A man behind farm equipment pulled by horses
9: An elephant walking around the edge of a pond. 
9: Vegetable pieces and knife are kept on cutting board.Cabbage is on the table.
9: Two zebras in a jungle area fighting in a dirt area.
9: Two large trucks parked next to each other on the cement.
9: Man with a black shirt on opening the door to a refrigerator. 
9: The snow skier is happy to pose for a picture.
9: A vase filled with white flowers sitting in the snow.
9: Two elephants standing next to each other on a dirt road.
9: Rider on horseback maneuvering in open field area.
9: A view through a camera of a room with two bed, two desks, two chairs and a rug.
9: two horses in a field of tall grass with trees in the background
9: An intersection has a NYPD security camera sign on a post.
9: There is a full house at the stadium to watch this game.
9: A woman sitting a table holding two hotdogs.
9: Three horses with white markings on their faces standing in snow.
9: A long convey of train cars is parked in a railway station.
9: there is a bowl of bread and a plate with spread on it
9: A group of people standing on a field flying a colorful kite.
9: There is a sandwich, salad and fruit on the plate.
9: Three teddy bears sitting together wearing Thanksgiving costumes.
9: A person with a wounded arm covered in blood
9: a cute little kitty laying among stuffed animals
9: A clock atop a modern sculpture in the courtyard of a school
9: A man in a black jacket and black snow pants standing on skis
9: Many people on skis with numbers pinned to their front.
9: A plate is loaded up with some healthy food.
9: A chocolate frosted donut on a plate with a cup of coffee and a penguin napkin holder. 
9: The white-colored 51 Crosstown bus on the street
9: There is a large animal in the middle of a body of water at sunset. 
9: A boy on a skateboard doing tricks in a skate park.
9: A large Miller Lite delivery truck refueling at a gas station
9: a person jumping a skate board in the air 
9: A picture of a small country store with a truck and car parked outside.
9: a person holding an open umbrella in some bushes
9: A batter in the batters box waits for the pitch
9: Young man standing and playing a computer game on a big screen.
9: A drawer contains apples, pears, seeds, a bowl, utensils and other pouches of material.
9: A dog sitting in a neat but small living room witha number of glass vases on a mantel.
9: A girl prepares a plane shaped kite on a field. 
9: A man in front of a grassy field and path smiles
9: a tall person working on the computer sitting in a chair
9: A clock attached to a pole on the sidewalk
9: A woman tennis player prepares to hit the tennis ball.
9: A man and women sitting at a booth photographing tea.
9: A motorcycle sits displayed in a large shopping area.
9: A small extra oven in a wood cabinet kitchen
9: A kite flown by a person with their kite in the sky.
9: A person on field with a Frisbee in their hand.
9: Spectators watching a professional baseball game's action closely
9: Some wood is stacked on a shelf by an oven.
9: A man on a bicycle is looking at a semi truck.
9: A white horse with black spots leaning down to eat grass.
9: Two skiers ski uphill on a snow covered trail.
9: a living room full of chairs and decorations 
9: A crowd of people sitting on a field watching kites being flown.
9: A woman lights candles on a birthday cake decorated like a hilly landscape with trees and a pond.
9: A woman in a blue shirt engaged in play with a plastic disc.
9: a man holding a surfboard and walking next to a cliff
9: A woman in white jacket snowboarding on snowy hill.
9: A kitchen has a lot of brown cabinets.
9: A small bear climbing a tree attempts to eat a coconut.  
9: A person in a red snowsuit riding on skis on a slope.
9: A plate of blueberry coffee cake with butter and an orange slice on a table with breakfast foods.
9: A pink teddy bear sitting on the side of a business building on a sidewalk.
9: A young lady feeding a small giraffe by hand.
9: A woman staring while standing holding a sword.
9: A woman leads a cow by a rope.
9: View of kitchen sink, stainless refrigerator and breakfast room
9: a very large giraffe that is standing in the woods
9: a black and white clock on a black clock post and some lights
9: A stop sign with a goofy looking animal head painted on it.
9: A flock of pink flamingos standing in shallow water.
9: A white toilet and a sink in a room.
9: A man in a military uniform is talking on a cell phone.
9: A fake stop sign that is in the grass.
9: A bird that has its wings stretched out on a beach. 
9: A large clock on display on the second floor of a room.
9: A pretty young lady preparing food in a kitchen.
9: A dog heading into the water near a horse.
9: a person riding a surf board holding a tether 
9: A person lying down and reading a book.
9: The tennis player is wiping down his racket.
9: Is this possibly a bathroom on a ship?
9: a pizza on a white plate and some silverware
9: A boy in a baseball uniform is holding a bat.
9: This is a series of benches along a busy street
9: a glass of Guinness beer and a teddy bear on a table
9: Competitors cluster in a cross country ski race
9: an image of a little girl lying on the couch
9: A small bird standing next to a small netted fence.
9: A train crossing a bridge that has graffiti underneath it.
9: Two pictures show two different rodents in different colors but they are the same species.
9: A young woman flies a kite near a body of water.
9: Two giraffes are standing next to each other.
9: plane is getting build in a small dirty garage 
9: a person holding a surf board in a body of water
9: A yellow fire hydrant with red end caps next to a sidewalk.
9: a group of kids that are sitting on a concrete block
9: A smile sign on a street corner, in a city.
9: A man riding a bike past a car.
9: A pink bathroom with hello kitty towel and curtain.
9: Four jet airplanes flying straight up in the sky leaving a smoke trail.
9: a man showing off his tie to someone off camera 
9: A small car parked with a dog in the back seat 
9: A box of glazed and chocolate covered donuts.
9: A red train parked at a train station
9: A pot with some food in it on a stove
9: A man standing on a surf board, holding an oar.
9: a close up of a young child playing nintendo wii
9: Sign poles on the corner of a street near a brick building.
9: a train on a track with a sky background 
9: People riding motorcycles across a bridge beside each other.
9: The diners are enjoying their filled  beef sandwiches,
9: a lone zebra stands just before a small body of water and looks down
9: two cows in a field of tall plant life near a tree
9: A sitting child and several adults outside of a batting cage.
9: A man with sunglasses is holding a plate of donuts.
9: Some people are holding their dogs and posing for a picture. 
9: A bathroom with the color scheme of orange and white.
9: A long wooden table and chairs with a kitchen in the background.
9: a horse in a field of tall grass
9: a guy that is riding a skateboard down a road
9: A blue vase that is holding pink and white flowers.
9: people gather around a small motorcycle cart selling something
9: That huge object could kill him if he is not careful.
9: A bunch of items that are on a refrigerator.
9: A group of young men sitting and riding on top of a large skateboard ramp.
9: A person with a blue helmet is skateboarding on concrete.
9: Half a dozen glazed and chocolate donuts in a box.
9: Young children fly kites in a city square.
9: There are three suitcases on the side of the road. 
9: Children gathered around a Hello Kitty themed birthday cake.
9: A bowl filled with flowers is placed on top of a wood table.
9: A burger is pierced with a knife on a cutting board.
9: A city clock tower, with a few statues on it.
9: A mouse sits next to a keyboard on a white surface.
9: A laptop sitting in a room with a big TV.
9: a person on a skate board does a trick 
9: A crowd of people flying colorful intricate kites.
9: A woman sitting on top of a fake giraffe.
9: a man is talking on a phone outside
9: There is a woman cutting into a cake.
9: A large tall building tower with a clock on the top.
9: A laptop, Furby toy and books on top of a desk.
9: Two giraffes standing together in an outdoor park.
9: Two pepperoni pizzas and a cup on a counter. 
9: a public bus on the road in a foreign country
9: There are many people standing at the top of this hill
9: An open door reveals a toilet and a bathroom counter and shower.
9: A black and white photo shows a woman sitting on a bench.
9: A bottle of Ale sitting next to a wine glass on a table.
9: A downtown street with tall brownstone buildings and pedestrians.
9: Some bicycles are leaning against a pole with south I5 signs on it.
9: The slice of pizza has pepperoni on it. 
9: a pair of large sheers on top of a box.
9: A line of elephants walking down a city street.
9: Daughters frosting a cake in their dining room while Moms get water
9: The vases stand in the corner of the room as an accent decoration.  
9: A tennis player is getting ready for a shot.
9: a large pizza in a box with a woman looking down at it
9: Large jet airplanes parked at an airport waiting for passengers.
9: A close up view of some very tasty looking food.
9: a man that is playing some tennis on a court
9: a couple of fire hydrants sit on some snowy grass 
9: a train that is on a old train track
9: a professional baseball player throwing a baseball from a mound
9: A large group of surfers scattered about the wavy shore.
9: Two kitchens that both have refrigerators in them.
9: A brown cow lying on a street with motor bikes parked nearby
9: Sandwiches and drinks sit on a table to be eaten.
9: a pizza and a pizza cutter and some green pepper toppings
9: Two people walking on a snow covered slope holding snowboards.
9: A smiling man with a moustache is handed a plate by another man standing at a table with holiday decorations..
9: A large muscular man on a surfboard riding a wave.
9: A person is falling over during a sport
9: A woman standing in a  kitchen next to lots of food.
9: A boy standing over a smaller boy who is kneeling down.
9: A herd of zebra standing next to each other against a stone wall.
9: A computer desk, chair, table, and laptop. 
9: A piece of pizza sitting on a plate.
9: Someone skiing down a ski slope with ski poles in the hands
9: A bull trampoline a coyote in a field of grass
9: a baseball player hits a baseball with a bat 
9: A man standing next to a woman in a room.
9: An adorable pug dog laying underneath a big white truck.
9: A ,man smiles as he uses his white apple mac book.
9: a clock is on top of a large building
9: Sleeping cat on couch holding a television remote.
9: A red and white bus parked by the curb near palm trees.
9: A person walking down a road with a sun umbrella.
9: A bird is sitting on a branch high in the tree.
9: A man in white shirt doing a trick on a skateboard.
9: A bus is parked on a wet street
9: A woman sitting on the floor eating with two kids. 
9: A selfie taken of a person from the neck down. 
9: A bathroom with a large white bathtub and a large window next to it looking out onto the water.
9: three people relaxing and chilling in a living room.
9: A little boy having just thrown a frisbee
9: a man in a blue shirt and a woman in a black shirt
9: A herd of sheep grazing on a lush green field.
9: Three zebras are eating dry greenish brown grass.
9: A large stalk of broccoli is near a purple onion.
9: A cat laying on a bed next to a laptop.
9: Two young baseball players and one adult. 
9: some guys standing on top of ramp with their skateboads 
9: Woman sitting at the table in front of her pizza and glass of beer
9: A cat laying down across blankets and pillows.
9: A man looking into the camera lens while sitting at a table.
9: a market with so many ripe bananas and people buying
9: A black bear walking through a field by a road.
9: A herd of cattle grazing outside a barn.
9: A pair of scissors and fabric on a wood table.
9: there is a boy smiling next to a birthday cake
9: A herd of zebra standing on a field next to a  herd of giraffe.
9: A man riding on the back of a motorcycle down a road.
9: A man with a plaid hat, tie, dress shirt and glasses on.
9: a small yellow car going around a turn and a sign
9: A little girl jumping in the air with an umbrella.
9: A one way sign is underneath the street signs.
9: Cat investigating keyboard of a powered on laptop.
9: a person that is jumping a skateboard on some concrete
9: a view of sky from airplane. above clouds
9: A building on a sidewalk with a hydrant in front.
9: A bathroom rack is standing haphazardly on the outside of a shower stall.
9: Multiple animals grazing in a field of very tall grass.
9: A kitcken that has two different refigeratator in it.
9: Some of the broccoli in this bowl are starting to yellow. 
9: Two beds sitting next to each other in a bed.
9: Waiter standing over a man examining his dish.
9: A large metal clock on a pole outside.
9: A skateboard is sitting in a tree outside.

9: Two trains are pulled up to a passenger zone.
9: The baby zebra is in the grass with its parent.
9: a couple of paramedics look to help a man
9: a close up of different plates of food on a table 
9: A clock in the city landscape set at 6:40PM. 
9: A bathroom sink with a bottle of hand soap 
9: a counter with a mixer and a cake on a tray.
9: A person showing a picture on their cellular phone. 
9: A bunch of unripe bananas hanging from a green plant.
9: Tools are lying in a road on pieces of thick wood. 
9: A living room that has a couch and a table in it.
9: A young man hitting a ball with a racquet.
9: Feet on a scale on the television in the corner of a living room
9: Two dogs posing for a picture with a woman.
9: a ma is skateboarding at a skate park
9: A light lunch of casserole, soup and a cola on a white counter.
9: The little boy is holding an umbrella over his head.
9: A sign in front of a railroad explaining how to board the train.
9: A large double door stainless steel refrigerator in a home kitchen.
9: Several bicycle riders are biking down a city street.
9: Some sort of chicken dish with broccoli spears on side of plate
9: A bride is with a long red haired person with cake.
9: A little girl with a pink bow in her hair eating broccoli. 
9: An orange tabby cat is sitting on top of a pillow that is sitting in a couch.
9: a cat laying down and resting in  a chair on a hardwood floor
9: a group of kids playing with a soccer ball 
9: the train is crossing a street in the city
9: A desk with a keyboard, mouse, laptop and monitor.
9: A light brown teddy bear sitting on suitcases.
9: A photo focused on a building looking at the clock tower.
9: A man standing near trees playing with a frisbee.
9: A man sitting by a boy holding a remote on a couch.
9: A dog and its owner playing Frisbee, in the dirt.
9: Seen as a reflection in a side view mirror: A woman sitting in the pasenger seat of a car with a dog in her lap and a camera in her hand 
9: A man is waxing his surfboard while seated in a parking lot.
9: a collage of photos of a blue colored motorcycle
9: A man sitting on top of a bench near the ocean.
9: A red stop sign sitting next to a wooden pole.
9: Four boxes of baby chicks sit next to each other.
9: Two people are skiing down a snowy slope.
9: Green and white street signs that read "greenville rd" and "greenville cemetery."
9: a room that has some furniture and a picture on it
9: some red and white jets parked and lined up at an airport
9: A single giraffe is standing in some tall brush looking all around.
9: Two men are using sticks to paddle on a raft.
9: a man sitting on a toilet with his pant up
9: A lot of bikes and motorcycles lined up near a street. 
9: An older gentleman is holding up an antique at a clock store.
9: a couple of kids are hunching down smiling
9: A two hour parking sign, sitting in the middle of a empty street.
9: A nice european city with some towers in it
9: There are bunk beds in the childrens room.
9: A kitchen with a center island and lots of cabinets.
9: A woman inside an airplane lying her head on a pillow near the window. 
9: a person riding skis on a snowy surface
9: A boy riding a skateboard by a wall with graffiti.
9: the bathroom has a toilet and a sink and mirror
9: A person with a yellow jacket is skiing 
9: A hot dog bun with chili, coleslaw in a piece of wax paper with serrated edges.
9: Vehicles making a left hand turn from opposite side of traffic signal, view from a red stop light with a yellow caution arrow turning to the left.
9: Man listening to mp3 player while using computer.
9: A group of people in a blue and white boat next to a dock.
9: Woman standing while eating pizza from a plate.
9: A large ocean liner docked outside of a city.
9: a man holding onto a red and black kite in the park 
9: A woman holding a cell phone up to her ear
9: A crowded street is brightly lit at night.
9: A man is watching a woman put food on a plate.
9: A herd of giraffes eating from trees on a plain.
9: a large white and brown cat sitting in a chair near a laptop
9: three zebras grazing in a grassy area near shrubs
9: A girl is playing a Wii videogame at Christmas time.
9: A man standing alone in a small kitchen.
9: A carrot sitting on top of a wooden cutting board next to a small green knife.
9: so many ripe fruits on a basket to be eaten
9: a close up of a dog tethered to a pole 
9: Several cows laying on grass inside a barbed wire fence.
9: Baseball player posing in his uniform holding a baseball bat. 
9: Large roses in a rustic vase on a clear plate.
9: A group of people on motorcycles in a street.
9: A man holding a snow board looking at a snowy ski slope.
9: A group of women sit in skirts and ties in an historical photo.
9: there is a cat that is sleeping on a bed
9: A young man on a bed with a laptop
9: lightning striking during a storm in a city 
9: A train that is is sitting on the tracks.
9: A small, white dog laying on a bed with a stuffed toy.
9: A woman takes a picture of a blue train going into a tunnel.
9: A zebra stands next to a pile of dirt.
9: A person on a blue tennis court playing tennis. 
9: A woman wearing a motorcycle helmet sitting on a motorcylce.
9: An airplane is at an airport with yellow hoses by it.
9: A person wearing protective gear on a pair of skis. 
9: a man with a racket reaches to hit a tennis ball 
9: A sign explain the meaning of the road work.
9: Some flying a colourful kite on open grass. 
9: A black kit flies in the sky over a body of water and hills are in the background.
9: Zebras standing in tall dry grass look at the tourists
9: A pizza that is in a silver pan and sitting on a white surface.
9: A pizza that is sitting on a plate.
9: Three party cakes with candy decorations and paper umbrellas. 
9: The only colorful thing in this bathroom is a box of tissue.
9: A clock tower stands high with traffic traveling underneath.
9: A glass of beer sitting next to a laptop.
9: a person sitting on a ledge with a bike near by
9: A couple of buses parked in front of a building.
9: A couple of people playing a game with remote controllers.
9: A table of displayed bananas at a street market.
9: A bird with wings outstretched is by a tree.
9: A dog catching a frisbee in the air. 
9: A black cat sitting on a stool next to another cat on the floor.
9: A view of a desktop computer with a lot of clutter on it.
9: An open laptop computer sitting on a wooden desk.
9: A black couch sitting in a living room next to other furniture.
9: many pans of pizza on a table  being displayed 
9: The cat is peering out of the window.
9: White dog getting attention from cows in farm enclosure.
9: A group of scissors of all sizes on a quilt.
9: Two traffic lights with green arrows on Woodbine Ave.
9: Several beach umbrellas are up next to  lounges with a view of the beach.
9: A public transit train at the train station.
9: A white standing toilet sitting in a tiled stall.
9: A bedroom with a bed, radiator and laptop.
9: A group of stuffed animals on a red fabric.
9: A woman and a little girl playing with a Frisbee in the sun on a green lawn.
9: two older signs hung from the side of a building advertising pepsi and donuts
9: A traffic light and some cones on a street.
9: A cat is lying covered in bed with white sheets
9: scissors on table cutting credit card into pieces
9: two pizza well cooked in a box to be eaten
9: A person being photographed while on a skateboard. 
9: Two boys sit on a couch while playing a video game. 
9: A black and white cat relaxing inside a laptop.
9: Two boys wet in the rain with the youngest holding a large umbrella.
9: An espresso machine brewing fresh coffee and a toaster.
9: a microwave sits on top of a counter 
9: A man on surfboard in a river with another person standing in the river behind him. 
9: A variety of luggage sits in the middle of the room.
9: An office with a sandwiches sign over the bookshelf
9: two people in a field jumping to try to catch a frisbee
9: People sitting at couches with laptops next to a fireplace.
9: Small kitchen with white countertop space and a small stove. 
9: Many people with sports equipment are playing on the snow.
9: A young woman kicking a soccer ball down a field.
9: A horse eating grass in a green field
9: A sandwich cut in half and an order of fries.
9: A white decorative vase sits on a black table.
9: an image of a 2nd year birthday cake
9: A classroom full of adults working on their laptops.
9: an image of stuffed teddy bears playing instruments
9: A pair of doughnuts are served on a plate.
9: a street light on a metal pole above a street and before a red house.
9: a small grey cat is sitting on a wooden chair
9: A bedroom with a book on the bed 
9: People are standing outside at night with umbrellas.
9: A guy's hat falls off as he plays tennis
9: A busy gas station with groups of people coming through.
9: A large building is shown with clocks on the side.
9: An empty bedroom with a flat screen tv sitting on a dresser.
9: a kid laying with a toy laptop while his dad next to him is using a real laptop 
9: A freezer and garbage is sitting on a cement corner next to a black fence.
9: Two people walking by a piano player on a rainy street.
9: a big white cow, yellow flowers, and blue sky.
9: A young boy plays with a phone sitting on the ground. 
9: Wicker chairs and tables under umbrellas in the shade.
9: The upper portion of an ornate stone church, with an airplane flying overhead
9: A cream colored teddy bear wearing a crystal crown.
9: Clothes hanging on the line and an umbrella on a pole on a patio. 
9: There is cabbage, two turnips, a head of broccoli, a sweet potato, and a broccoli crown.
9: The speed limit on the tree filled road is 20 miles per hour.
9: A child stands next to a fence and watches sheep in a field.
9: A dog is sitting in the grass next to a toy.
9: some chocolate candy with white topping on a silver rack
9: This is a picture of a white and black kitchen.
9: A gold clock that is on the table.
9: An orange is cut neatly in half by a knife.
9: A bathroom with a toilet and a striped shower curtain.
9: An office break room with table, microwave, sink and lockers.
9: A beach front with a yacht in the background.
9: A tan bathroom with a toliet and a tub.
9: The stop sign is at the end of the residential street,
9: A very serious looking man holding some food.
9: A double street sign at a neighbourhood corner.
9: A train is arriving at the station for passengers.
9: A locomotive train spewing steam from it's engine.
9: A tennis game with the player looking up .
9: a women that is standing outside next to a tree
9: A group of people that are skiing in the snow.
9: A diesel locomotive hauling some freight through the countyside
9: A boy doing a trick on his skate board at the skate park 
9: The snow skier is performing a flip in the air.
9: A box with bananas and a peach inside
9: Closeup of a black and grey cellphone atop a newspaper.
9: a snowboarder in a blue jacket a small hill and buildings
9: Several people hold up a tray with a single piece of pizza.
9: An old fashioned red car on board a boat on the water.
9: A living room with furnishings and a large window.
9: Horses and bikers racing on a track with  many houses in the background.
9: A family getting ready to take a road trip.
9: A parking meter has a small pink candle on it.
9: A person wearing a wedding ring has their hand on a teddy bear. 
9: a person posing for a photo with a double deckered bus in the background
9: a zebra is standing outside in a field
9: People skiing down a slope under the ski lift.
9: People lined up near an airplane and others in military uniform.
9: A kitchen with a sink, stove, flower vase and wine rack.
9: During the day many people occupy the street.
9: A large tower with a clock on it sitting near a road.
9: A couple of metal tables with a large umbrella over them.
9: A No Parking sign is attached to a telephone pole.
9: A man sitting at a wooden bench and table with an open umbrella sitting on the table.
9: A woman and man hold a kite with two children nearby. 
9: A cat laying on some cushions in a home.
9: a sandwich on a plate on a desk near a glass of wine
9: a black cat with it's head stuck in a boot
9: Umbrellas by the shore at a sunny beach.
9: A group of giraffes are gathered together in their enclosure
9: A double decker bus driving down a road beside a few people.
9: A team plays baseball on a baseball field.
9: A man is staring at something in his hand.
9: a person in a blue shirt and some white black and brown cows
9: A doctors patient room with a bed next to a table with stuff on it.
9: A boy in a tank top cutting a pizza in a kitchen.
9: a counter with bottles some cabinets and an oven
9: A person is smiling next to someone pouring ketchup.
9: A red and white bus sits below a blue overpass.
9: A laptop computer has remote controls by it.
9: Blue umbrella on picnic table in front of food truck
9: A baseball player swinging a bat over a base.
9: a group of people sitting at a long table drinking glasses of wine 
9: A female tennis player walking up to the net 
9: A bathroom that is empty and not in use.
9: a person riding a skate board on a vert ramp
9: A man holding a surf board wearing a wet suit on the beach.
9: A group of four giraffes in a grassy zoo enclosure.
9: Some muffins are cooling on the top of the stove.
9: An office with a laptop and desktop computer on the desk beside a mask of Darth Vader.
9: An oddly shaped pizza sitting on a table
9: A baseball player at bat at a baseball game.
9: Two kids are on the bed with some pillows and a blanket.
9: A girl with red hair is eating a banana.
9: a close up of someones hands holding many different clocks
9: a dog sitting in the living room while watching a tv monitor
9: The zebras are grazing in the field together. 
9: A street sign of some sort in the middle of some road.
9: People sitting in a car going down the road
9: a man that is walking down a sidewalk
9: A young boy holding a Frisbee to his face.
9: A WINE TASTER CAREFULLY EXAMINING WINE SAMPLES KEPT IN GLASSES.
9: A close shot of a clock that reads between 11:20 and 11:23. 
9: A microwave is shown with three seconds left.
9: a person rising a skate board in a lot 
9: The child is sitting holding an American flag and balloons. 
9: a plane pulls into a run way strip out side
9: The view of an empty sidewalk on a pretty day
9: Pizza, salad, and a glass of Hefevwsen beer
9: A person surfing on a wave that is crashing.
9: An adorable little girl holding a toothbrush and a Christmas stocking..
9: A man and children balancing on surfboards in the water
9: A man and a dog who are laying in bed.
9: A desk area with a window view with mugs, tablets, and books.
9: A group of zebras that are grazing in an enclosure. 
9: A large, ornate church with clocks on the pillar.
9: A baseball player with a bat watching the baseball.
9: A girl is setting on a bed talking on her mobile phone smiling.
9: A stop sign that has been vandalized with graffiti.
9: A smiling woman with glasses in a pantry.
9: A person standing with an umbrella in shadow at dusk.
9: people riding skis on a snowy slope with trees in the background
9: there is a man riding a bike with a dog on the back
9: A hotel room with two beds and a framed picture of a man.
9: a man with a tennis racket swings at a tennis ball 
9: An Amoco gas sign is in an old fashioned picture.
9: A group of people stand at the bottom of a snowy hill.
9: Street signs are on a pole next to buildings.
9: four white sheep on a small hill grass and trees
9: A woman tennise player standing at the service line and throwing a tennis ball up in the air to serve it.
9: A woman in a red jacket and stockings sitting on a bench.
9: Children gather around the table with party hats on .
9: a mouse sits in front of a keyboard and monitor 
9: A person on skis with an orange jacket stands at the top of a slope.
9: A bathroom with tiled floors and tiled walls. 
9: A black and white photograph of a baseball player about to catch a ball. 
9: A baseball batter is up for a swing over the plate.
9: Image of cars sitting at an intersection with a bicycle warning sign.
9: The green bicycle is leaned against wooden poles. 
9: A toilet near a kitchen area with the door open
9: A crowd is surrounding a large clock tower lit up at night.
9: Four men stand in a room watching something to the left which is not shown in the image.
9: A man and a woman are outside with two dogs.
9: A group of men who are on some motorcycles.
9: A man and a woman riding on an elephant
9: A man with a pizza hanging out of his mouth
9: A clean industrial kitchen with no one in it
9: A young man riding a horse through some water.
9: a laptop sitting on top of a desk
9: Blue Macaw parrot scratching beak next to bald man
9: A group of forest creatures near a downed tree in the woods.
9: some people laying on the ground in a bath room
9: Two children playing baseball in red uniforms and hats.
9: A man is talking in front of a television
9: A person holding a teddy bear as she writes on her belly.
9: A child is on a skateboard in a garage.
9: A glass computer desk with a laptop in front of some windows. 
9: Three sheep grazing in a fenced in enclosure.
9: The man is playing a video golf gamer.
9: A cat on the floor looking at the seat of a wooden chair
9: Polaroid-like shot of sheep grazing in a green field
9: a keyboard sitting in front of a monitor next to a mouse
9: A child reaching their hand up to a box filled with apples.
9: A large brick building has a clock on the top.
9: A man on a beach holding a clock.
9: White toilet in a restroom with three seashells on the tank.
9: A female tennis player holding her racket. 
9: A thin crust pizza is next to a wrapped knife and fork on a plate.
9: a small kid with a baseball glove on gets ready to play 
9: a poster of a man and a green train engine
9: A baseball player in uniform running on the field. 
9: A boy is playing baseball on a field.
9: A freeway sign that is during the day time.
9: A cruise ship docked for letting passengers off to port
9: A man pulling a wagon through a field with cars in the background.
9: A man is doing a skateboard trick in front of a crowd.
9: A very young giraffe is pictured indoors. 
9: A man in a red hat and shorts pointing something in a room with a group of people.
9: Various fruits in a bowl on a table. 
9: A fire hydrant in front of bushes with a glass face on top of it.
9: Vehicle and pedestrian traffic at night on a city street.
9: A person holds a digital camera in front of a seated woman brushing her teeth, while another woman also brushes in the background.
9: A wound table is set in the corner of a room.
9: A man smiles at something off-screen while holding a magenta umbrella.
9: a young man is playing with his pet cat
9: People are looking at tables full of stuff.
9: A couple of men stand in front of a huge doughnut.
9: A woman kissing a big giraffe over a fence.
9: A small plate of food sits next to a laptop.
9: A pile of oranges stacked on top of each other
9: A woman is looking into the water ready to go surfing
9: A shelf with flowers, cards, and other presents on it. 
9: A group of people that are riding on motorcycles.
9: Double bed in medium sized blue carpeted room.
9: A lady is sitting on a bench and she is holding a baby.
9: three men out on the ocean water two of the men watching their friend surf waves blue oceans water a man wearing a green shirt and yellow shorts
9: Batter takes a swing at the incoming ball during the baseball game
9: a dog is siting behind a large window
9: A man fishing with a red boat in the background.
9: A potted plant inside an open car boot 
9: A group of people working on an airplane parked on a runway.
9: A man with an apron on and a woman standing in a messy kitchen. 
9: A blue truck is standing by the side of the building with a red door.
9: A dog holds a pink frisbee in its mouth.
9: a woman in red is riding a horse
9: Two children trying to pop an object with a pair of scissors
9: Two street signs are attached to an electrical pole
9: A crowd of people watching a tennis match.
9: Low view of small passenger train moving through the countryside.
9: a close up of a laptop and a mouse 
9: A small dog is sitting in the sink in a kitchen.
9: Helmeted boy skateboarding on a half pipe ramp
9: a man is carving into a cake covered in fruit
9: a lady sitting on a park bench in a park
9: A group of whimsically yet creepy-looking fire hydrants. 
9: A man holds a tennis racket in his hand and looks up.
9: Asparagus and carrots in a bowl with a spoon.
9: Old scissors of various sizes on a red mat.
9: Some cows are in a field surrounded by a fence.
9: A young baseball player is throwing a ball
9: A bunch of identical bear key chains with green clovers hand on a turn rack. 
9: A professional skateboarder prepares to ascend a half-pipe
9: Two brown bears, one bear climbing over the larger of the two.
9: A small room with a bed, a desk, and a big window.
9: We are looking out the window of a the train.
9: The people are walking down the aisles at the super market.
9: There is a lot of cows that are standing in the field
9: a woman with purple hair takes a selfie 
9: A small kitchen with white cabinets and appliances
9: Someone doing a trick while standing on a pair of skis. 
9: A man sittin gin the snow in the dark with a snowboard on this feet.
9: Cats sitting near other on a modern carpet
9: A man plays Wii while two other men sit on the couch and watch.
9: The view of a cluttered kitchen stainless steel counter.
9: A couple of small laptops on a table.
9: A horse and a dog are touches noses between a barbed wire fence.
9: A man looks intensely at his Iphone's screen.
9: People are on a tennis court trying to hit a ball.
9: A cat is watching tv while sitting in front of it.
9: A boy wearing red shoes doing tricks on a his skate board.
9: People are sitting on the edge of a fountain as others walk by.
9: A baseball player hitting the ball during a baseball game.
9: A pedestrian street sign vandalized with an angel wing sticker
9: A picnic table loaded with hiking and camping gear
9: A group of young people playing a game of frisbee.
9: a man is crouched over his laptop in a field
9: A street scene with a man on a motorcycle next to a parking lot.
9:  room with a book and a white carpet
9: A boy with a bat has a batting helmet pulled over his face.
9: Two people preparing to begin a skiing match down a hill side.
9: A young girl eating food at a restaurant. 
9: A man wears a glove holding a bird. 
9: A guy swings a tennis racket near a fence. 
9: On a wooden table lays a pepperoni pizza.
9: A table with six various colored flower vases. 
9: A male tennis player has his foot out and his hand back ready to hit the ball.
9: A truck that is sitting in the street near a bus.
9: Four traffic lights pointing in all different directions.
9: A group of young boys standing next to each other.
9: A person on a horse by some trees.
9: Someone is doing something that is quite fun.

9: A bathroom that is very clean and organized.
9: Person surfing on a large wave in the ocean.
9: A fridge with many types of soft drinks, juices and beer.
9: for jets planes flying in the big blue sky 
9: The two men are battling for control of the soccer ball.
9: A huge picture of a car placed a cake.
9: This is a boy holding up something for his dog to get.
9: There are spectators watching a baseball game going on.
9: a man standing on one hand holding onto a skateboard 
9: A case full of teddy bears are dressed in religious symbols. 
9: A man sitting at a desk in front of a laptop and computer monitor with a glass of champagne.
9: A woman takes a selfie in a bathroom mirror.
9: A spotted horse eats something off the ground
9: There are many people on this field flying kites
9: A tennis player is playing tennis on the tennis court. 
9: A castle displays the time on a clock tower.
9: A PICTURE OF A CAT IN A MANS LAP 
9: A meal with a turkey sandwich, fries and gravy.
9: A male bathroom with four urinals on the wall.
9: A horse drawn carriage in a park during daylight hours. 
9: Man using two very large horses to plow a field
9: University of Iowa pitcher throwing a two seam fast ball.
9: Several chairs and tables are in a bright room.
9: A one way street sing mounted to the side of a pole.
9: A car that is parked by the sidewalk.
9: A yellow and black fighter plane flying in blue sky.
9: two canoes docked on grass and sand field on a cloudy day.
9: Street corner sign in a big city with multiple names
9: A man holds a foot log hot dog with chili at a table in a restaurant.
9: An acoustic guitar is shown laying on a bed.
9: A man and woman smiling while in a booth promoting electronics. 
9: Two people walking along a side walk next to a train on the tracks.
9: A metal bench sits on a path in the forest.
9: Large display of fruits inside a store window. 
9: Young child about to pick up a pastry he has been eating.
9: A plate of food that has some meat and broccoli on it.
9: A plate with food on it, a mug, and a fork. 
9: The actors are posing in their costumes for a play.
9: a dog standing on a carriage behind two men
9: A large and small elephant bathing in the river.
9: Three children are seated next to each other and reading books.
9: A skateboarder is mid air while doing a trick in a section park with half cement half grass.
9: A sandwich on a plate with pickles and onion.
9: A woman swings at a ball in a softball game
9: Cats whiskers allow them to move around in the dark.
9: a number of people on a bus near luggage bags 
9: A young man in an arm chair with a laptop in his lap.
9: The sweet dish features bananas on top of the crust..
9: Man and child flying a colorful kite on the beach.
9: A batter in a baseball game attempts to not be struck by the pitch.
9: A man standing in a body of water in the waves.
9: An old school bus is painted neon yellow and magenta.
9: A mall assortment of fruits and price tags.
9: a snow skier is doing an aerial trick
9: Man surfing large breaking wave in open ocean waters.
9: One white sheep standing still on the pasture near a dried up tree.
9: Dog lying indolently underneath a modern wooden chair
9: A sandwich with pieces of meat on a bun.
9: A white airplane flies over mountains and forests.
9: An orange with a curling section of peel removed.
9: A skateboarder is flipping off of the edge of a bowl.
9: Retro picture of a girl on a bed reading. 
9: A bird perches beneath a multitude of clocks
9: A man on skis going over a small jump.
9: A bench sits at a wrong angle down a gully as the water of the river next to it appears to be high.
9: A bed and couch with pillows on them and other items in a room
9: a yellow and gray train some tracks and trees
9: A few young boys playing little league baseball.
9: A person's thumb slightly injured and crusted with blood.
9: This bathroom has a wood floor and wood on the wall.
9: A beige Mercedes transit bus riding on a road.
9: A giraffe has fallen to sleep while standing up.
9: a table with some children sitting at it 
9: Baseball players at home plate with a large crowd watching. 
9: Several zebras running together on a dusty road.
9: Benches line a grassy area under trees with cars nearby.
9: The traffic signal is next to a couple of street signs on a pole. 
9: A couple of bear cubs rolling around a field.
9: three men carrying several suitcases down a sidewalk
9: A entertainment ride of a train is full of people and is going down the track.
9: A silly brown dog wears sunglasses as it sits in a car
9: An old bell alarm clock dinging at 6:00 o'clock
9: A child sitting at a table with a plate of food in front of them.
9: A woman is holding a tennis racket on a court.
9: the street is filled with lots of cars
9: A red and silver coast guard boat sailing in the water
9: A red stoplight with a street light above it.
9: A woman standing next to a fire hydrant on the side of a road.
9: A man skateboarding next to a railing on a paved road.
9: a trailer truck riding down the street lifting two motorcycles
9: a television and a couple of computers are in a room
9: A shower in a person's bathroom in their home.
9: Two toothbrushes each in a glass on the sink.
9: a boy doing a trick on a snowboard. 
9: A plate topped with meat and veggies on a counter.
9: A large display case filled with remote controls.
9: A person standing on a court holding a tennis racket.
9: a person riding a skate board at a skate park
9: A kitchen with sunshine shining off of black and white tiles
9: A bus and cars traveling down a city street.
9: Train engine passing an outside station platform, in California.
9: Person laying down reading a book at night.
9: A jet shoots up into the cloudy sky.
9: The woman in the red shirt jumps up to catch a Frisbee. 
9: A graphic advertises savory fig jam, goat cheese, bacon and kale.
9: A woman using a computer in her bed in a dark room
9: a couple of people are standing on a bus
9: Two men play the Nintendo Wii console while others watch
9: A train drives by a power plant on a track.
9: Two men holding oranges on a city street. 
9: A group of cars waiting at an intersection for the light to change
9: A promotional vehicle for hot dogs at a carnival or fair.
9: A group of people playing with Frisbee's on the grass.
9: The plate has bread, orange slices, and a fried egg on it.
9: A tall brick building with a bell tower.
9: A man in blue shirt riding a skateboard on tennis court.
9: A truck with some random things in the back
9: a close up of a plate of food with broccoli
9: A steam engine chugs along pulling coal cars behind it past a rural township. 
9: A couple walking down a street together at night.
9: A closeup of a street sign attached to a pole.
9: An old city building is by a pink sky.
9: A man riding a red motorcycle on a dirt road.
9: The skateboard competition is geared to even the youngest boarders.
9: Here are three zebras trudging along at the zoo
9: Two stuffed animals stare at each other while perched on a towel rack.
9: A bedroom that has a king sized bed in it.
9: A train that is passing by a very large city.
9: Two metro trains are parked beside each other.
9: A hillside near the ocean with a large wall and possibly a road constructed into the hill.
9: A photograph of a very decorated toilet in a bathroom.
9: A clock using birds in place of numbers. 
9: A black and white photo of kites flying in the air.
9: a small plane taking off from an air port run way
9: A bird sitting on the back of a giraffe. 
9: A hot dog and french fries sitting on a plate.
9: two giraffes in their pen and a tan building
9: A photo of a teddy bear wearing a hat and scarf.
9: A tall, ornate tower features clocks on its front and side.
9: The young child is eating a donut in the car. 
9: people in a large grass field play with character kites 
9: A couch and table in a small room.
9: A vulture perched on a metal bar next to some grills
9: Young male boarding a city bus at a bus stop.
9: A street with traffic on it as seen out of a vehicle.
9: An athlete's two handed return in a game of tennis.
9: two women are holding surfboards and smiling at the beach
9: A skateboarder rides on asphalt near a large gate with columns.
9: a couple of elephants that are looking at each other
9: an image of a large building with a clock
9: A lot of zebras are standing around on the grass 
9: A couple of bikes are in a shop window
9: a yellow and white bus is driving down the street
9: A large giraffe is standing near a body of water in a field. 
9: A bear walking in the grass near a trail.
9: A dirty hat is sitting on the bottom of a boat.
9: A fire is going in the living room with a cat on the coffee table.
9: A Zebra stands in a green field with trees.
9: A city scape, the main brick building has a small clock tower on top. 
9: Group of people surfing in water with waves.
9: a close up of a person eating a doughnut
9: A stretch of road that has been blocked off with cones.
9: two men playing a virtual game on a pretend tennis court
9: A baby is sitting in a tub looking at a toothbrush.
9: A group of people walking across a bridge.
9: A bed has a headboard with a pattern on it.
9: A woman leans in to hit a tennis ball.
9: A chair and counter in a large room.
9: a cheesy pizza topped with spinach and bacon
9: A dog rests in the grass next to a fire hydrant.
9: Three men in bathing suits, standing on the beach holding surfboards.
9: A couple sitting under an umbrella on a park bench.
9: there are many crates filled with fruits and vegetable 
9: zucchini, bean, broccoli and a small basket of strawberries on the counter.
9: A few people looking at a large flat screen TV.
9: A candle shaped as an elephant is on a china plate.
9: a couple of women walking on a rocky surface 
9: A man on skis makes a screaming face. 
9: A child looking confused at a pizza on the table.
9: A tennis player in a striking position that shows her move. 
9: A baseball player practicing his swing at a game.
9: the view of a train station and some tracks
9: a white swan is swimming through the water
9: The dog is on top of the girl's book on her lap.  
9: a man holding two desserts in his hand near his mouth.
9: A bathroom with a modern white pedestal sink
9: A worker tends to large figures placed in oversized beds. 
9: A group of three women sitting on top of a brown couch.
9: It is winter, and this young woman wearing her cold weaterh coat also has her Smartphone in a handknitted sleeve.
9: A rain-wet residential street lined with trees and old homes.
9: A smiling young boy with glasses holding a kite.
9: a clock attached to a building over a door walkway
9: A man and a boy in red jerseys on a baseball field,
9: A baby sitting in an open suitcase on a bed.
9: a tall giraffe in tall green grass 
9:  A man riding a skateboard down the side of a ramp.
9: The woman is standing outside of the large buildings with her umbrella.
9: People and their stuff on a little boat in the ocean
9: a close up of a bowl with vegetables with broccolli
9: A BOY AND GIRL ARE PLAYING WII 
9: A box full of a mixed selection of doughnuts.
9: a woman in living area with cats and a laptop.
9: A guy wearing snow gear smiling while snowboarding. 
9: A lady is smiling, holding an article of clothing. 
9: A stuffed toy giraffe eating a sandwich on a grass covered field..
9: Two cats are standing by a closed window
9: A man in skintight clothing holds a bicycle with a red surfboard.
9: An old looking kitchen that needs an update.
9: A woman is sitting down on the bed reading a book
9: A large elephant walks behind two smaller elephants.
9: There are many people flying kites on this day.
9: A person in blue and black surfing in the ocean.
9: Cabana and umbrellas on beach next to a resort
9: People in air on waterboards over water with banner
9: A woman and child stand in the kitchen. 
9: A toilet covered in glitter sitting inside of a room.
9: Two happy women smiling together in a kitchen.
9: A man and a woman playing a game. 
9: The little girl has a toothbrush in her mouth
9: Three people sitting on a motorcycle driving it down the road
9: A woman at a crosswalk that has a green light.
9: A table topped with ripe bananas and other piles of food.
9: A cat with a Durham Bulls Helmet on its head.
9: a tennis player wiping his face off with a towel
9: A couple of people standing by a bicycle and a traffic light.
9: A group of animals stand in a field next to water.
9: A city road with cars, traffic lights and road signs.
9: A black bear walks on grass near rocks.
9: A woman is skiing and walking her dog.
9: A white bus with bicycle rack parked on the side of a street.
9: A pole with a two street signs and a stop sign mounted to a pole.
9: Old man in a field holding tray of hotdogs.
9: Yellow sunflower sitting in a blue vase by a brick wall. 
9: girl sitting on surfboard at sunset on the ocean
9: A bus driving down a street next to a building.
9: A woman sitting on a pullout couch combing her hair with her fingers.
9: A couple of elephants are standing in the water
9: A young boy in a blue hat crawling in a field.
9: a young person riding a surf board in a body of water
9: A smiling man is next to an open oven with a pan.
9: a young girl is sitting in front of a birthday cake
9: A man with black sandles standing in a dress store.
9: 
a double Decker bus traveling down a road with lots of traffic.
9: a pack of zebras in the wild grazing for food
9: A large dining table set up buffet style with many bowls of food.
9: a pair of teddy bears laying on a bed
9: A woman with a hot dog on a stick that she is holding in a fire pit.
9: This is an image of a man typing on a laptop.
9: A computer is sitting on a computer desk
9: A group of young adult males standing with their skateboards
9: A plate of food with some eggs, potatoes, bread, and some other items on it.
9: A man taking a photo of decorative items made of wood including a clock
9: a man is licking a pig foot in a store
9: an image of a bowl of vegetables strewn together
9: A bathroom with a blue tiled floor and a odd shapped toilet.
9: a man sticking his nose inside a wine glass
9: A vase with ref flowers in it on a table.
9: The large kitchen has a stove, and a dual sink on the counter. 
9: A white sports bike parked on cobblestones next to a stone wall.
9: an image of a hotel setting with bed and couch
9: Woman in a sleeping bag that's decorated like a pizza slice, including toppings.
9: The kitchen counter and sink have dishes on them.
9: The chrome colored stove is in the kitchen.
9: A woman is in a restaurant using a cell phone.
9: Cars are lined on the side of the street under snow.
9: A square clock perches on a tall pole near a leafless tree.
9: Three girls share a bite of pizza clowning for the camera.
9: A giraffe walking through a grassland with gazelles and mountains behind it.
9: a kitchen with tables chairs stools and counters
9: there is a very large plane flying in the sky
9: A vase filled with assorted color flowers sitting on a table.
9: An old woman is smelling a box of donuts. 
9: A small city with lots of kites flying over the top of it.
9: A bathroom in the middle of a reconstruction phase.
9: there is a pizza with only cheese topping
9: A bird standing on a branch beside berries.
9: A rodent in a pet house is eating broccoli.
9: Cat sleeping on a table next to a laptop computer.
9: A couple of street signs hanging from a large pole.
9: A bright yellow stuffed animal bear wearing a red shirt.
9: People are in a parking lot  beside the water, while a train is in the background.
9: A man holding a bulldog wearing a tie.
9: A group of drivers and bikers waiting at a stoplight.
9: a person cuts some food with a butter knife 
9: the man is wearing an orange suit and standing next to the train
9: Some folks in a very big field flying some kites.
9: This is a picture of three giraffes inside of a zoo.
9: A man holding a baseball bat in front of a man with a glove.
9: a lot of little boats tied to something.
9: A man on a surfboard in the ocean.
9: A calico cat fast asleep next to a laptop computer.
9: A living room with variously patterned furniture and decorations.
9: The zebra does not look to be fully grown.
9: A bald man standing next to a sigh with a massive clock on it.
9: A picture of a man sitting on a bench with a tree in the center of it.
9: Their are some flowers on the table with some glass.
9: a laptop is sitting on a blue bed
9: A young man holds his paper airplane and about ready to go test it.
9: A young girl holds a teddy bear in front of the camera.
9: A large oval above ground bathtub sits in a bathroom.
9: Two pizzas on trays cook in an oven
9: a close up of a bowl of food with broccoli noodle salad and onions
9: This is a little league baseball player in a green and yellow jersey.
9: A woman riding on the back of a horse down a street.
9: a large table that has a bunch of food on it
9: Many bikes lined up against a large bus.
9: A cement walkway is beside a grassy field near a residential area.
9: People are wading and surfing in the water at a beach.
9: A white building with a clock on its side
9: A nice looking flowers are sitting in the vase near the window. 
9: A very large yacht is docked next to several sailboats.
9: A bathroom sink with mirror are shown in this picture.
9: A man and woman focus on playing a video game.
9: a close up of a horse in a field with houses in the background
9: Two giraffe standing next to each other near a woman.
9: A bird sits on a bush with red flowers.
9: A group of people sitting at a table.
9: A man is picking something up from outside of his cabin.
9: The guy has three ties on his shoulder.
9: two men two dogs and a little girl on a horse
9: A yellow train is on the train track.
9: Black and white cat lying on dining table full of wine and wine glasses.
9: A cat lying on the top of an easy chair batting at the dog sitting in the chair itself.
9: Player hits ball during major league game at stadium.
9: A man flying a kite on a sandy beach.
9: a christmas tree in some kind of room
9: Cow looking into the bottom of a machine.
9: A man wearing glass holding a cell phone.
9: Two men and one woman in front of an elephant.
9: The three giraffe's are standing on the grassland.
9: A plate of fruit next to a glass of milk.
9: A dog running in the snow with a Frisbee in its mouth.
9: A person sits at a table in front of a sandwich on dark bread, a salad and cucumbers.
9: A kid with a baseball bat on a field.
9: People are sitting at a table eating breakfast.
9: A layered desert with fruit, candles, and name tag on top if it.
9: A female is on the computer playing a car game.
9: A laptop computer on a shelf above a stove.
9: A group of skiers on a sunny mountain slope.
9: The sun shines as the man plays tennis at a tennis court
9: A man in a park throwing a white frisbee.
9: A computer is next to a radio and a cell phone.
9: A white toilet with white tile in a bathroom.
9: The man is a wet suit is catching a wave.
9: Bench with iron sides and wood, under tree in walled area.
9: a bus stopped to pick up passengers and a red truck
9: Horses are graceful as they stride through the field.
9: A man in a wet suit is on a white surfboard on a river.
9: Pedestrians are crossing the street in a city.
9: Man in black shirt and black tie taking a picture with a black cell phone. 
9: Purple couch in a living room with a coffee table.
9: A traffic light on a post next to a bus stop.
9: a street sign that reads "do not enter" on a quiet street
9: A man holding a tennis racket in front of a crowd.
9: An open laptop computer sits on a cushion.
9: The kitchen with green oven atop white tiled floor.
9: A wooden bench sits leveled straight on a slanted ground.
9: A white horse is on the side of a road with a carraige. 
9: A cluster of school buildings rise tall in the foreground as students walk to school.
9: A herd of sheep shares the road with cars and motorcycles.
9: The side walk outside a diner that appears to be deserted.
9: A long haired surfer with waves rushing behind him
9: People are preparing to fly a kite in an open field.
9: A man in a cap taking a sandwich from a display.
9: Two horses and their riders on the race track
9: An orange with the end cut off against the sections is shown from above. 
9: THERE IS A JUNKY DESK WITH A COMPUTER IN A HOME OFFICE 
9: The river sparkles as it winds it way through the mountain pass.
9: A person is surfing through the waves near a bridge.
9: Cat messing around in the white bathtub. 
9: A mirror that is reflecting a red bus.
9: a man takes a picture of a little girl standing in front of a mirror 
9: A croissant sandwich sitting on a green plate
9: A view of a lake with boats in it. 
9: A surfer riding a wave in the ocean.
9: The small white dog is peeking out from under the bed.
9: a young kid with head phones on using a computer 
9: A planter that is standing on a stand.
9: This bathroom seems to be very dirty and old
9: Seagulls flock to feed on a rocky, clay-colored beach. 
9: A train engine is halfway in and halfway out of the warehouse.
9: A train is stopped at the station in an old photo.
9: THERE IS A BUS THAT DOES NOT HAVE A ROOF ON THE STREET
9: A display in a grocery store filled with lots of fresh fruits.
9: A person standing on a board in the water
9: Someone is wind sailing cross the ocean in a wet suit.
9: A girl is walking in  a subway station. 
9: The large plant is between two tall candles.
9: A plane is shown with vehicles around it.
9: Bridge with arches over lake with metropolitan buildings in background
9: An overhead view of several small boats tied to a dock.
9: A window filled with teddy bears and other stuffed animals.
9: A woman eating a sandwich in stands at a sports competition.
9: A hand holding a remote control towards a tv.
9: a large air plane flying in the air
9: There are many elephants hanging out in a field. 
9: A woman and a many holding the Nintendo Wii remote.
9: A table with different plates of desserts 
9: A person leaning against the leg of a bed.
9: The airplane is parked on the runway of the airport.
9: A cat laying on a desk in a room.
9: People gather at a street corner waiting to cross.
9: A man is falling off of his horse. 
9: Traffic directional signs displayed next to wooden power pole.
9: Woman riding on a bicycle holding up a cell phone with her hand. 
9: A young girl in a dress standing next to a piece of luggage and flowers. 
9: A cup with a stirrer is sitting on a desk with a keyboard.
9: The sign is now at a red light.
9: A large body of water with small boats floating on top of it.
9: A electric trolly bus driving in the middle of a street with a building behind it.
9: This bathroom has a large sink, a smaller sink, and a shower with glass doors.
9: there is a young boy that is playing tennis
9: Two little girls posing beside of one another.
9: A skateboarder preparing to go down a half pipe
9: A piece of cake on a plate by a fork, is ready to be finished. 
9: Breakfast entails a croissant, coffee, water and a spoon.
9: A green slide in a city park during the day.
9: Papers cover the windows of an old building.
9: A cat sits on top of a toilet bowl.
9: White swans swimming in a harbor with docked boats.
9: There is no image here to provide a caption for.
9: A crowd gathered around a person standing next to a bed.
9: A emo girl standing next to a man at a bar.
9: A woman sitting on a bench near a statue, checking her phone.
9: Cut hoagie sandwich and pie on paper plates.
9: the motorcycle is next to the bikes on the street
9: A train that is yellow is moving down the tracks.
9: A married couple in a spotlight with a wedding cake. 
9: Multiple baskets filled with fruit including oranges and pears.
9: a desk filled with a computer and a lot of paper work 
9: an image of a man a person holding an umbrella
9: An elephant submerged in a body of water up to its head. 
9: a man is holding a white surfboard by the beach
9: Boats are filled with fishing items as the sit at the dock.
9: A pulled chicken sandwich on sesame bun next to a green salad.
9: The back of peoples heads, sitting on a bus
9: A girl sits in a chair on a porch in summer
9: a person signing autographs outside of a donuts shop
9: A black cat sits on top of a keyboard in front of a computer monitor.
9: A black and white cat laying across cement steps.
9: A man surfing on a body of water.
9: Looking down at a dog looking down at The House Book
9: A cat sitting under a bamboo bench outdoors.
9: Skateboarder on his board grinding against a metal bar. 
9: This girl is outside playing with an oven
9: A lady playing a song on an MP3 player.
9: A bear in a zoo walking around with people watching.
9: A cooked blueberry bagel on a white plate.
9: A guy peeks out from behind a curtain.
9: A kitchen is under construction with a washer being installed under the sink.
9: An uncooked turkey in a small oven ready to cook
9: A painting on an easel in the background of pizza and a drink. 
9: A white computer desk with a monitor on top of it next to a mouse.
9: A girl sitting with all of her stuffed animals.
9: A computer monitor and keyboard sit on a counter with other objects.
9: A man in a full body wetsuit carrying a surfboard under his arm and walking carefoot on the beach.
9: A person is riding a dirt bike along a path.
9: A kid who is biting into a large pastry. 
9: The group of friends is deciding what to eat.
9: The grey and red fire hydrant was in the snow
9: A lamppost clock in front of an institution 
9: There are two cellular phones next to each other.
9: A man holding a soccer ball in a field
9: Many street signs in front of a building while it is snowing.
9: Boy in green throwing a baseball on baseball field.
9: A man walking on the sidewalk with a cart that is piled with a stack of luggage.
9: a glass bowl full of tangerines on a wooden chest
9: Two men and a boy are examining a cow.
9: A woman skiing down a mountain on a trail.
9: on a highway with a blue sky and clouds 
9: A teddy bear is on top of a children's book.
9: Large field with pumpkins ready for picking soon.
9: A person throwing a frisbee at the beach
9: A couple of chair sitting underneath a lamp hanging from the ceiling.
9: a man in a red uniform kicking a soccer ball.
9: there is a man with a hospital robe on
9: A man is on the blue tennis court with his racket. 
9: A man riding skis down a snow covered slope.
9: An empty kitchen with a window and a refrigerators. 
9: a young kid sitting on a pile of snow next to a street sign 
9: a police car parked outside of a building 
9: A boy standing amongst stacks of watermelons and bananas.
9: A close up of a sandwich on a white plate.
9: A long horned bull and two long haired sheep in a pen
9: A plate that has different kinds of food in a pile.
9: An older man rides a horse inside a gated area.
9: A group of actors are made up like zombies. 
9: People are playing with a flying disc in the grass.
9: A little boy is in a batting cage with his dad, who is serving as catcher. 
9: The two small birds are perched on the wire. 
9: A man surfing while flying a kite at the same time.
9: A young person laying on a bed using a computer
9: A refrigerator has been doubled as a city map.
9: Train drives down the tracks along the treeline
9: There is a very large castle like building with a clock in the middle
9: A stop sign with street signs on top next to a building.
9: a guy riding his skateboard near the edge of a pool 
9: A modern home interior with living, kitchen and dining areas
9: a group of dogs lounging next to a truck full of crates
9: A cat that is sitting on some shoes.
9: A fork, an apple, and orange and an onion sitting in a row.
9: Three pieces of broccoli arranged standing up with one piece on a miniature chair
9: A person flies a parasol while standing in the water by a beach. 
9: A freight train is traveling along train tracks.
9: A television and some people playing with remotes.
9: A person is cutting into a white cake with a knife. 
9: An interstate is in front of a large building.
9: A plate of food with some corn, broccoli, and meat on it.
9: A man with a full black suit and tie sitting on a couch.
9: a small kid enjoying some food off a bowl
9: a all white bathroom with the toilet seat up 
9: A woman holding a baby near a dog at a poolside.
9: A cat laying on its back on a beg with a yellow object in its mouth.
9: Two made beds, a nightstand with a lamp, and framed art on the wall.
9: a man on a dirt bike poses for a picture.
9: The umpire tagging out one of the players.
9: Potato chips, hotdog on top of a container
9: A person using a skateboard on the street.
9: Several garage doors scribbled with graffiti in an urban area.
9: A man in a suit sitting a table with an empty bowl and empty beer bottles.
9: Two men in the ocean riding the waves with surfboards. 
9: A horse pulls an open-air carriage on a cobblestone road.
9: A group of people are gathered for a photo.
9: a living room with a low ceiling and a center window.
9: Young man biting on a white frisbee while holding it in his left hand.
9: A seagull flies against a bright blue sky.
9: A boy skateboards on a ramp while people watch on.
9: The tables outside with the umbrellas are empty.
9: The lady pets the head of the giraffe at the pavilion.
9: A man leaping while doing skateboard tricks in a city
9: A bathroom with toilet and sink with lots of items on the sink counter.
9: A city street scene of a restaurant with tables outside.
9: a closeup of a giraffes face and a fence
9: A couple people out flying a kite on some sand.
9: Two motorcycles going through the tunnel at night.
9: A place card sitting on a table with a vase
9: The dog is looking at a woman cooking in the kitchen. 
9: A zebra standing in a bright green field of grass.
9: A zebra and giraffe stand beside each other.
9: Some telescopes are on a pier by the ocean.
9: a person is surfing on a wave at the beach
9: A guy in a gray suite holding a tea cup.
9: A child uses skis to move over the snowy ground.
9: A person cross country skiing on some smooth snow
9: A couple of people wading through a river neat to a beach.
9: A herd of scattered cattle graze through a large field.
9: a cat leaning against a mirror in the bathroom
9: A boy carries a large bag of onions on his shoulders through the streets of a town.
9: some people sitting on a bench while wearing snowboards
9: two people sit on a bench behind signs for Carnell Pitts avenue and Cory Hatter avenue
9: A man and woman smiling while in a forest.
9: Motorcyclist on a white and blue bike making a turn.
9: A microwave is sitting on a white cabinet.
9: a plate filled with some broccoli and some tomatoes 
9: a large pair of scissors sitting on a table in a button storage area
9: A train pulls a large number of cars through a junction.
9: A fire hydrant stands out on the bright yellow wall. 
9: There is a donut sitting on the car.
9: A clock on a pole is in the intersection of the streets.
9: A table with many people sitting at it and many different bottles on it. 
9: The table has a turkey, rolls, and a pumpkin pie on it.
9: Small sailboats floating past a beach, with a dog and people on the beach.
9: A white bear sitting in fenced greenery among rocks, with its head pointed diagonally upwards. 
9: There are many people in the back of the truck.
9: A display on a table, with skulls, candles, and small pumpkins.
9: A person cutting into a pizza with a fork and knife.
9: Two people sitting on a bench in the snow eating donuts.
9: A bus and others vehicles are sitting in traffic. 
9: A flagstone patio with potted plants and metal lawn furniture.
9: Two traffic lights on a paved road beneath a cloudy sky.
9: A school bus sitting at its stop in the city.
9: A plane flying with a sunset in the background
9: A very nice looking yard filled with some people.
9: a small bathroom with floral wallpaper and a full trash bin 
9: A woman is hitting a tennis ball with her racket.
9: Men on a baseball team standing together on the playing field.
9: A grey cat sleeping peacefully on a luggage bag.
9: A horse walking through dirt and grass. 
9: A boy on a bike watches a boy on a skateboard go over a ramp.
9: A BATHROOM WITH A TOILET AND A SINK 
9: A person surfs waves in a river. 
9: A small child sleeping on an unmade bed.
9: Commercial jetliner with a kangaroo design on its tail
9: A cobblestone street has few patrons on it.
9: A teddy bear sitting near a rail over looking a crowded beach.
9: a sign showing the direction and the name of the street
9: A very busy highway with a lot of traffic and multiple off ramps.
9: A motorcyclist in his helmet parked along side a road near the ocean
9: A hotel room with two double beds, one is made one is not.
9: Two stuffed animals are posed on an open book.
9: A man standing holding food in his hand.
9: A tow truck loading a bank security truck by a building.
9: The fresh orange has been cut and is ready to be eaten. 
9: Man thoroughly enjoying the use of a hair dryer.
9: A boy reaching for a toothbrush in a store from a buggy.
9: A kitchen with a microwave, stove, oven and refrigerator.
9: A bunch of street signs hanging on a pole
9: A city street surrounded by tall colorful buildings.
9: A couple skiers on a path with blowing snow.
9: Black and white photo of an old dock with low water.
9: A white bike with flowers on the front by a cat.
9: A large group of children learning how to swim in a pool.
9: A cow and a bird eating a smashed watermelon.
9: A kitchen has a silver refrigerator and other dark appliances.
9: Small birds are walking along the waters edge.
9: This bathroom and counter are very standard for suburban life
9: Two giraffes standing on a dirt path in a fenced in area with trees and green grass surrounding them.
9: a window that has a potted plant and some flowers in vases on the sill
9: A herd of sheep walking along a dirt field.
9: A man wearing a black vest and black glasses.
9: a little boy that has a teddy bear in hand
9: An old fire hydrant with a bicycle tire on the ground around it, on the side of a road.
9: a black and orange bus is driving down the road
9: Several people grabbing pizza from several pizza boxes on a table.
9: A cat is sitting on the beach near some trees. 
9: A young child attempting to get onto a surfboard in the water.
9: A very small bathroom with only the essentials.
9: A silver passenger train traveling down tracks next to a tall building.
9: A tennis player takes a break while listening on his headphones.
9: a kitty playing with a wii remote on the couch
9: A traffic light hanging over a street near a forest.
9: a top view of a floor with shoes and clothes and trash
9: People standing up on a crowded subway train.
9: A restaurant sign under a one way sign.
9: A living area with chair, sofa and pictures on wall.
9: there is a mp3 player that is next to a cell phone
9: A row of trailer busses are on the side of the road.
9: The refrigerator and the kitchen is being cleaned.
9: Four people on skies going down a ski slope.
9: Three zebra who are standing next to a wooden trough. 
9: A red train is moving down a track
9: Black and white photograph of a man on bed with two dogs.
9: A group of people who are hiking up a snowy mountain.
9: An older style light pole with a no parking sign attached to it.
9: The teddy bear is posed with pizza boxes.
9: A cat sitting on top of a desk next to a controller.
9: The umpire stands over a baseball catcher as the batter swings.
9: A colorful dessert on a table with a knife.
9: An old woman lying down being attended to by a child in India
9: A giraffe dwarfs a zoo visitor as he walks past the pen.
9: People walk a city sidewalk next to a park.
9: A blue and white train stopped on the tracks at a station.
9: A kitten that is sitting down looking in a mirror.
9: People feeding a large elephant at the zoo.
9: Two men holding snowboards while smiling in front of a backdrop.
9: There is a laptop computer sitting on a shelf
9: A group of athletes are performing in a sport field.
9: Two men and a woman eating a meal together
9: A blue train going down the train tracks. 
9: An elegant living room scene with a large black grand piano
9: A public bathroom with a hole in the floor.
9: Long pot of flowers sitting underneath an open window. 
9: A red fire hydrant, sitting on on the road.
9: A large jumbo jet plane taking off on the runway.
9: Several kites sit on the ground, with a few people in the background.
9: A white cutting board with a head of broccoli and a bag of carrots.

9: There is a large window over the kitchen sink.
9: A sign on a red building has words in English and another kind of lettering.
9: A white and green train passing by a building.
9: a big bus parked by the side of a building 
9: An airplane is flying in the sky. 
9: a couple of people riding on some big elephants 
9: This a street of a town in Southern California. 
9: One of the park benches along the water is crushed in.
9: A person is outside with a frisbee on his arm.
9: Two women under umbrellas on the street 
9: A man on a skateboard jumping up in the air.
9: A pair of tennis players getting ready to hit a tennis ball.
9: A herd of sheep cross a dirt road.
9: A close up of a giraffe in front of a pole.
9: Five horses next to a body of water behind a fence.
9: It looks like a human figure hanging in the tree limbs, partially concealed by foliage.
9: Two NYPD motorcycles parked on the street in front of a brick building.
9: A large chocolate cake and a hand giving the "thumbs up" gesture. 
9: A giraffe stands with its front legs spread.
9: A grey,orange, and silver  train's closed doors.
9: a man riding on an elephant near a stream of water.
9: a white phone cord and a phone and its phone wire
9: The bouquet has one red rose in it. 
9: An olive pizza, beer, and water glasses behind it.
9: Two of the pedestrians walking in the square are holding British flag umbrellas.
9: A girl playing tennis outside in the sunlight.
9: Kids are standing in hay next to a sheep.
9: A well made bedroom with connecting sliding doors.
9: A green traffic light beside cars parked on the side of the road
9: A giraffe standing next to a tree in a forest.
9: a skier zooming down some mountains with some snow 
9: A photo of an Asian market with a display case.
9: A bird sits perched atop a tree branch, watching its surroundings
9: A man riding a dirt bike on top of a sandy beach.
9: A young man sits on a bench in the snow
9: an adult with three children laying in a bed 
9: Large baked pizza served on stand at table with beverages.
9: A smiling woman holding up a hot dog.
9: A small male child holding a baseball bat.
9: A soldier is standing on a military vehicle.
9: A parking meter on a street with cars
9: Blue and green bus coming out from under a building. 
9: A baseball player taking a swing at a baseball. 
9: A zebra near a waterhole grazing on some grass.
9: a small bird flying with a blurry background 
9: A computer workstation with a laptop and two additional monitors.
9: A man riding on top of a yellow surfboard.
9: A small child laying in bed drinking a bottle of milk.
9: Closeup of a fire hydrant with fence in the background.
9: A girl posing with pink sunglasses and a Frisbee.
9: A white firefighter hydrant in the middle of a big city. 
9: A large board and a smaller boat drive through the water.
9: A girl standing in a field, wearing a red sweater and a pair of blue jeans
9: A man standing next to a donkey with a lot of baggage on it.
9: A woman standing next to a computer monitor.
9: An attractive young woman leads a grey horse through a paddock.
9: A white plate topped with bananas and pancakes.
9: A bar stool is at a bar in a large kitchen.
9: A bathroom that has a mirror and a bathtub.
9: A person holding a glazed pastry item with one bite taken out
9: Girl posing while getting dressed in school uniform.
9: Herds of animals are on a grassy plain.
9: A television is sitting in a cluttered room.
9: A MAN LAYING DOWN ON A PARK BENCH WITH A FENCE AND STATUE IN THE BACKGROUND 
9: an intersection on Bill Robertson street by the entrance for the train station
9: There are two people setting on the couch with their lap tops.
9: The people are surfing the ways on the water.
9: A person in the water on a surf board.
9: Three people posing on a mountain on skis and snowboards.
9: A gray tiger cat walking across a brick floor.
9: AN WINDOW RIGHT BY THE STREET WITH STREET LIGHTS
9: The house is very messy and should be cleaned. 
9: The bag has black leather and two straps.
9: An adult and child on the beach with a surf board.
9: A man in a trench coat holding a tennis racquet on a court.
9: Two people leaning on a wall, looking at cell phones.
9: A plate of finger food containing meat located on a table.
9: Two little girls who are sitting on a couch.
9: A transit bus coming down a street with a large wooded side area.
9: A man walks through the ocean water with a surfboard under his arm.
9: a jet engine on the wing of a plane
9: A sign depicting a hand with change that reads "30 min."
9: Man on street motorcycle point at in direction of camera.
9: A woman in a straw hat takes photos of brown cows inside a barn.
9: A table with aa few dishes of food and some coffee
9: A clock on a street post with a name above it.  
9: A animal that is laying down in the sand.
9: A young girl using a laptop at the beach. 
9: A young girl in a restaurant holding half a sandwich and has two take away  bowls in front of her.
9: Someone sauteing broccoli and onions with wooden spoon.
9: several elderly europeans sitting on a bench and chatting
9: An individual with an umbrella approaches a religious building
9: A baker puts donuts on a cookie sheet.
9: Group of decorated cupcakes being filmed on camera. 
9: A silver car driving down a rain soaked street with bikes on top of it.
9: Little girl smiles at camera while laying down on a teddy bear
9: A plate of seasoned shrimp, carrots, and lettuce.
9: Two people standing holding bags and wearing hats.
9: A green number 14 double decker bus at a stop
9: Remodeled model t with modern modifications and surf board.
9: Woman wearing white playing tennis with a partner.
9: A white plate topped with chicken, coleslaw and potatoes.
9: A dessert cake is on a plate with a fork. 
9: A group of sheep standing in the grass.
9: A dog lounging on a sofa bear a photo of his family.
9: College students playing a game of mixed doubles tennis.
9: Bananas hanging above other vegetables at the market display
9: A herd of sheep on a bridge over water, taking up a lane, with oncoming vehicles.
9: Four brown and white birds on a lake
9: People are watching a man cut a wedding cake with a puppet.
9: A man types swiftly on his laptop in the darkness.
9: two parking meters next to each other and one with a glove on it
9: Some girls in colorful shirts standing by some pastries.
9: A YOUNG GIRL IS ON THE COURT PLAYING TENNIS
9: A cat with white paws and gray coat on the floor playing with a toy banana.
9: A bird that is standing in the water.
9: Several people with umbrellas waiting to cross the street.
9: A group of tables on the lawn near a building
9: two people laying in a neatly made bed
9: a cat resting on a table with electronics
9: a no turning sign is hanging off the side of a building
9: A stop sign with two street signs mounted on top of it.
9: A man performs a leap on his snowboard.
9: A tennis player in a neon shirt with tennis racquets
9: A striped cat is laying on the sink and looking at the camera. 
9: A man in a suite sits at a table. 
9: a table filled with dirty plates of food and one with writing on it 
9: A tiled outdoor area with toilet, grill and tub.
9: The bear is on all fours, facing the photographer.
9: a tray with pastries drizzled with chocolate and whip cream
9: Cars parked on the street at night near some buildings.
9: A person paddling in the ocean after a day of surfing.
9: A train arrives in a residential area on a sunny day,
9: A bicycle laid on its side on a sidewalk under a Pedestrian Zone sign.
9: An airplane flying in the sky over a snowy mountain.
9: A small herd of cows walking down a street.
9: A couch with an afghan and a lamp that is turned on.
9: A breakfast plate with eggs and pancakes and syrup.
9: The tennis player is going to return the ball.
9: Many different colorful flowers are on a table.
9: a black cat sitting on a bench 
9: a child standing usin a cell phone and an adult 
9: A red train is on some tracks near an awning and a cement area.
9: People, traffic and traffic cones in a busy area.
9: An elephant is on a walrus body as it lays on some rocks near a group of penguins.
9: The lamp is next to the television and a cat in a chair.
9: A white and brown dog sitting on a chair while wearing a Santa Hat.
9: Orange and brown cat sitting on top of white shoes. 
9: a yellow and white freight train sitting idle on the track
9: A man standing outside a building holding a bicycle. 
9: A picture of a bathroom with an open door
9: A gold and blue train is going down the tracks.
9: A man is standing under an umbrella and on a bridge.
9: a big crowd of people some are flying kites
9: a red train engine sitting on the tracks 
9: A man on skies is standing in the snow
9: Two men in business suits smiling and sitting next to each other in a room full of people at a conference luncheon.
9: Two men jumping up to head a soccer ball.
9: A pizza is covered in greens and some kind of meat.
9: different kinds of doughnuts in a display case 
9: A group of sheep are on a hill by the snow.
9: Two dogs are in a field, one has a red circle in it's mouth.
9: A group of zebras and giraffes by a water hole.
9: two stuffed animals a bear and a monkey
9: A man is flying a kite on the beach.
9: A white plate topped with pastry and ice cream.
9: a bedroom with some posters a blue and white bed and some pillows
9: A baseball team playing baseball on the field.
9: Two little kids are playing next to two surfers.
9: A group of stuffed teddy bears sitting next to a small door.
9: A newborn baby bird sitting quietly by itself 
9: A small bathroom with a toilet, garbage can and a rug in it. 
9: a woman is outside eating a slice of pizza
9: a bench on a beach near a body of water
9: a toilet in a brick bathroom stall with red clay floors 
9: A nasty run down bathroom with a leaky toilet.
9: A woman leaving the starting point during a ski race.
9: A white horse that is looking out a second story window.
9: Several baseball players out on the field together.
9: A Papillon lies on a blanket with a toy shaped like a piece of cake.
9: a train riding a train track near trees
9: A man with a hat wearing a jacket and tie.
9: A male tennis player on a court prepares for another game.
9: A traffic light in front of some business signs.
9: Three brown bears beside each other with a blue background
9: There is a small baby chewing on a toothrbush
9: The man wearing glasses is talking on the cell phone.
9: a train resting next to a a station during the night hours
9: The people in old fashioned costumes are watching the horse and buggy.
9: A fire extinguished is located on the side of the road
9: Individual is doing something at the moment that is intriguing.

9: One picture shows Andy Warhol with a banana to his face, the other image shows a woman holding a banana to her ear.
9: A woman is riding a pink motorcycle with cow horns attached to the handlebars.
9: An empty banana peeling with a zipper drawn on it sitting next to a blue marker 
9: A book case with several books next to a lamp and couch.
9: one dog stands on the back of a nice truck
9: some brown kitchen cabinets in a kitchen and a coffee maker
9: A tall large building with a tower with a clock.
9: a man that is skiing down a snowy slope
9: a boy walking with his broke bat in hand.
9: Man on surf board riding a wave in the ocean.
9: A large passenger train passes through a train station.
9: a lady checking out a pink toy computer
9: a skier skiing down a steep snowy slope 
9: Two frisbee players are reaching up for a frisbee.
9: a lady that has a umbrella in her hand
9: Two men about to shake hands under a canopy.
9: A room under construction with an unfinished shower and plumbing for the sink.
9: A couple of zebra standing on top of a lush green field.
9: a bunch of cows that are standing in a field
9: A woman standing in a kitchen in an apartment.
9: A small boy flying a lite in a big grassy field.
9: An elephant is led around by a trainer.
9: A biker and his motorcycle stuck in the mud.
9: A person standing next to a red truck.
9: There are three giraffes in a fenced in area.
9: there is a small vase with many tulips in it
9: A man who is sitting down next to a body of water.
9: A bird that is sitting on the branch of a tree.
9: Two captive giraffes lay together in a sunny field. 
9: A elephant that is standing in the grass.
9: A very tall building with trucks parked in front of it.
9: Fresh fruits and vegetables sit on a table.
9: A red park bench sitting in the middle of a flooded area.
9: A woman is cross country skiing in a forest.
9: A person stands on a snowboard on a slope. 
9: A group of people eat pizzas from open boxes in a large room.
9: THREE SHEEP IN SMALL TOWN WANDERING DOWN THE ROAD UNDISTURBED
9: a young white and black male zebra walking on a dirt road
9: A young man in cap and gown smiles next to his fellow graduates. 
9: A little boy eating a stack of pancakes with berries on top. 
9: a silver and black stove a microwave and some brown drawers and cabinets
9: A dog sitting next to a tennis racquet. 
9: A man sits at the table with a large pizza on it.
9: Two zebras running in an empty field of grass.
9: A young boy in a denim jacket wearing a grey raccoon cap eating a banana.
9: Small wooden bench sitting in the middle of a forrest. 
9: A cat sitting inside an open oven with a funny look on its face.
9: Woman folding umbrella on the narrow city streets.
9: An small airplane sitting on the runway unoccupied. 
9: A man is jumping over a trash bin on a skateboard.
9: a male in a black shirt a box of donuts and a drink
9: THERE IS A WOMAN THAT IS PLAYING TENNIS ON THE COURT 
9: A small donut at the bottom of a ceramic mug.
9: Two girls are dressed cladly on a motorcycle.
9: A young boy using a lap top by a table
9: A bedroom suite with balcony and  lovely view
9: Young woman sitting with laptop computer with cat right next to her
9: A cat is standing on partially a laptop and the computer desk. 
9: two young kids playing baseball in the backyard 
9: A bunch of trucks traveling down the road, during the day.
9: A cat that is sitting in a basket under a bench.
9: A large alert bear is proceeding out of a grassy area.
9: Two young men are playing a game on the Wii.
9: A cat eating a dead bird on the ground.
9: An underwater photograph of a woman in a canoe.
9: The brown  bench is in the woods 
9: A man in shorts and button up petting a dog.
9: A fruit or vegetable stand and a man looking at a fruit or vegetable.
9: Looking down the aisle at a row of airplane seats occupied by travelers. 
9: The man in the picture just released the frisbee.
9: A boy riding his skateboard down the street.
9: a bunch of stairs sit over a train 
9: A man is talking on a cell phone while holding a beer in his other hand.
9: French fries are on top of a bread crust and someone is spooning a sauce.
9: A toddler sitting on a motorcycle in a parking lot.
9: A baby is having fun playing with his food.
9: A red detour sign that is on a pole.
9: A very long, yellow train coming around a corner. 
9: A pair of men holding surfboards stand on the beach by the water.
9: A yellow firetruck that is sitting on a street.
9: A person jumping off a ramp with their snowboard. 
9: A bird is walking on top of a laptop keyboard.
9: A red bus driving down a street next to a tall building.
9: Several pieces of luggage that is sitting on the ground.
9: a person snowboarding down a snow covered mountain
9: A person is displaying two sandwiches with their hands.
9: A girl in a brown jacket staring a whole pizza.
9: Three yellow benches and a tree next to it 
9: an open faced sandwich on a plae next to a glass of milk a laptop 
9: A collection of cameras and lights in front of a tv.
9: A girl takes a selfie in a bathroom.
9: a person on the stage addressing very many people
9: A well-dressed man with glasses stands in front of a closet.
9: Man in the rapids with others looking on from a bridge.
9: A white plat topped with two sandwiches and chips.
9: A bunch of kids playing tennis on the tennis court.
9: A man riding a horse guiding other horses. 
9: A bundle of white roses in a vase.
9: A white interior with an oven built in to it
9: An assortment of doughnuts all lined up in a case at a doughnut shop.
9: Two people holding remotes in their hands standing near a couch.
9: Three computers sit opened on top of the desk.
9: A young girl taking a photo of herself with a giraffe behind her.
9: Several different animals stand and graze in a field.
9: The group of girls are playing video games together in the room.
9: A big wooden boat is sitting in the sand
9: A white Volkswagen beetle parked on a lush grass field.
9: A desk cluttered with compute equipment and office supplies and a a chair.
9: A young man with his board in hand, is observing the waves. 
9: two girrafe standing and facing one another next to a wall
9: Professional baseball players watch the batter, catcher and umpire
9: A three wheeled motorcycle parked on the side of a road.
9: this is a group of boys with their boards
9: This is two birds pecking at the remnants of a burger at an outdoor restaurant.
9: A train coming down the tracks arriving at a station.
9: A gourmet pizza with a menu and fancy glassware.
9: A young boy and girl sitting on a bed.
9: Herd of elephants with a young one in front with it's trunk uplifted.
9: a truck filled with people next to several cars.
9: A baby crawls on the floor beside a blue cell phone.
9: A young man and woman playing a game with a Nintendo Wii controller.
9: a man that has  a shirt and tie on
9: A man in a helmet is riding a surfboard on the road.
9: A group of people sitting at a bus station waiting for a train.
9: Two dogs walking on a rocky beach while one carries a frisbee.
9: A young child brushing his teeth by himself
9: A woman drinking a beer while using her laptop 
9: A man is standing under an umbrella in the rain. 
9: THERE IS A MAN THAT IS LOOKING OUT OF THE WINDOW 
9: Three slices of cheese pizza and a quesadilla are on a plate.
9: A person crosses the street behind traffic lights.
9: a chair and a bed in a room
9: A pair of giraffes sharing an intimate moment.
9: A fire hydrant sitting next to a fence in a field.
9: A parking area with a large amount of suitcases on the ground.
9: A commuter train running under a bridge along urban tracks.
9: The ball is heading towards the batter as the catcher waits.
9: A garbage truck parked on the right side of a street
9: A kitchen scene complete with an oven, sink, and refrigerator.
9: The view of a field from a bus driving down a dirt road.
9: a big bathroom with double sinks a closed stall and a urinal
9: A dog and some humans in a garage of some sort.
9: A woman  jumping into the air to hit a tennis ball.
9: A couple of people on surf boards on a beach.
9: a furry brown hound sits on the snow in front of some garden patio furniture
9: A kitten sits in an open bag with a zipper.
9: A den with a fire place, couch, wall clock and a television.
9: A kitchen scene with focus on the pantry and a clock.
9: A passenger bus that is driving down the street.
9: A ROCKING CHAIR HAS A PILLOW IN ITS SEAT
9: The woman is selling lots of fruit at the stand today. 
9: A blue couch sitting inside of a living room.
9: A wall shelf with electronic equipment on it.
9: An airplane flying in the sky over a setting sun. 
9: A black plate with an uncut cake and a server.
9: Cows are grazing in a field with a path.
9:  Two skiers skinning down a snow hill
9: A shopping cart full of food that includes bananas and milk.
9: A chicken Parmesan sandwich with a salad and a glass of water.
9: Fans watching a pitch during a professional baseball game
9: some black and white tile a toilet and a hallway
9: a black and white photo with a bench grass and trees
9: A black cat is sitting in a pot.
9: A boy is jumping his skateboard over an orange cone.
9: A bathroom that has white tile walls and a toilet that has a wooden toilet seat.
9: a white bed with orange and white pillows and some pictures
9: a close up of a person wearing a shirt and tie
9: A tree sitting in the middle of a lush green field.
9: Black and white photograph of horned sheep by a large rock
9: A bench is the focus of this photo of a tropical park.
9: A black and white image of a skateboarder performing tricks on graffiti-covered steps.
9: A street sign can be found near trees
9: A kitchen with appliances is shown with a door open.
9: Several small toys are setup in the model of a zoo.
9: Peaceful water scene with a stone bridge and purple flowers.
9: Two large yellow trucks are working on a road being built.
9: A stop sign sitting on a wooden deck.
9: A plane in flight overlooking a snow capped mountain.
9: A stack of luggage with an opened one on top.
9: Donuts being processed at a bakery, moving along a conveyor.
9: Two giraffes standing in front of trees facing to the right.
9: two girls riding a horse with a guide leading it
9: a couple of zebras that are walking in the woods
9: A man and woman preparing sandwiches at an outside booth.
9: an image of a plate and a skillet with food in them
9: The picture of a pin has a huge bat in the background beside a building.
9: A lunchbox with vegetables, fruit, a sandwich and a cup of tea.
9: A single goose standing on the bank of a lake.
9: A Christmas decoration is on a light post.
9: A man putting a red pot into his oven.
9: Chrome colored toaster oven with time on 10.14
9: Two giraffe standing next to each other on a lush green field.
9: A very big white bus parked by the curb.
9: A group of young boys and girls barely dressed walking on the road.
9: A panda is getting its fill of bamboo.
9: A white bathroom with all of the necessities.
9: a small kitchen clustered with small  utensils 
9: A group of people that are by and elephant.
9: Three pretty roses in a vase sitting next to a book on a table.
9: Four girls sitting on a bed laughing and talking.
9: a close up of a public transit train at a train station
9: Cat looking aroused at camera while lying on floor.
9: American soldiers playing football with some asians 
9: Two dogs are sitting in the back seat of the car.
9: a pizza on a pan sitting on a table.
9: A beautiful young lady holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.
9: one sheep is standing in some tall grass
9: The view of a kitchen from across the room.
9: a desk with a laptop sitting on top of it 
9: A man walking down a road with a cow in a village.
9: A man on a skateboard, riding on a sidewalk area while another man on a skateboard rides beside him.
9: A snowboarder and several skiers at the top of a run.
9: someone holding a nearly empty glass of red wine
9: A red glass vase next to a some sticks by it.
9: a sea plane near a harbor in a body of water
9: Hotel and business signs in multiple languages on a busy oriental street
9: A group of young people gather with surfboards on a tropical beach.
9: A couple of people carrying surfboards down a beach.
9: A view of a living room with large windows.
9: A trackball mouse in the pocket of a green backpack.
9: a woman looking at the white bear in a park
9:  A man lying the floor working on his laptop.
9: The person and the dog are herding animals in the pen.
9: The counter holds many small appliances and tools for the kitchen.
9: A tan dog eating food scraps from a plate.
9: A crowd of people watching a Renaissance period jousting game.
9: a person that is standing on a skateboard
9: A baseball player starts running after hitting the ball. 
9: A red bird is perched on a wooden fence looking away 
9: The young girl is trying to play a game of soccer. 
9: A man and a little girl wearing snowboards. 
9: A person laying on a bed with white sheets. 
9: Three snow shoers trekking across a snow covered field carrying something on their backs.
9: Seagulls and other birds on a beach in the morning sun.
9: If you have some animals that are eating something up a tree.
9: A motorcycle sits in a parking lot with other cars.
9: A lone kite flying in the blue sky.
9: The bench in the hallway of the building is empty. 
9: a group of women sit on a wooden bench 
9: an image of a shower head that is by the sink
9: One horse watches as another grazes in the grass.
9: a group of people sitting around a dinner table who just finished eating
9: Vase sitting on the shelf with multi colored flowers in it.
9: A street sign pointing towards Guadalajara next to a building.
9: A hot dog sitting on top of a bun in a wrapper.
9: a green light is next to a couple of street signs on a pole
9: car traveling down a city street next to a gas station
9: The men are playing a game of baseball.
9: A large grey train inside of a train station.
9: Here is a soul in the image alone. 

9: A STOP sign at an intersection in a residential area,
9: A group of people dancing on a wooden dance floor. 
9: A woman riding skis across a snow covered slope.
9: A motorcycle on a dirt road near palm trees.
9: A young boy sitting on a bed drinking a bottle of juice.
9: street signs at an intersection of which one is prince street
9: A brown circular clock featuring a white cat.
9: A desk that has a computer, mouse and earphones sitting on it.
9: A pizza with a decorative star pattern using onions, green peppers and tomatoes. 
9: People are being tempted by the donuts on the plate.
9: a dog sitting in an orange chair looking at someone
9: Two people on surfboards, one standing and the other paddling while seated.
9: Two ponies graze the grass beside an electric fence in a sunlit field.
9: The man is eagerly biting into a large sandwich.
9: A house being renovated with a room connected to a kitchen has the floor removed.
9: A VERY TALL BRICK BUILDING WITH A CLOCK AT THE VERY TOP 
9: A person walking their dog along the shore line.
9: A person on a skateboard on a street.
9: A white street sweeper truck on a road.
9: A man who is sitting in a bus looking away from the window.
9: a couple of people are riding in a small white boat
9: four fire hydrants sitting in the ground next to a fence
9: Signs for a politician hanging from street poles.
9: Someone playing in a tennis tournament with a crowd looking on.
9: Some fried chicken that is on top of a cake.
9: A white oven with a kettle on it
9: the scissors sit in a containers with pens and markers
9: People in a large body of a water using surfboards.
9: A dog laying on a boat that is docked.
9: A long silver train sitting inside of a train station.
9: Cars parked on the side of the street and traveling down the road
9: A trolley driving down a tree lined street
9: A long sandwich is topped with red peppers.
9: A man in blue is about to swing a base ball bat.
9: A giraffe and a zebra in a dirt field.
9: A man doing a trick on a skateboard on a ramp.
9: A baseball player puts on his hat during a game.
9: A sky blue car is in a parking lot.
9: A group of bags that are sitting on a street.
9: The smiling woman wearing a tie has long blue hair.
9: A picture of a group of elephants in a zoo.
9: Two zebras are standing in a field. 
9: a old building with a few motorcycles parked out front
9: Donuts and pastries sit on trays in a store.
9: A brown and black dog sticking its head out a window.
9: A white sink and bathtub sit in a clean, empty bathroom. 
9: a white sailboat with a blue green and white sail and people
9: A city view overlooking a marina with several boats 
9: A woman putting make up on in a mirror with a towel on.
9: A woman standing in front of an assortment of different pizzas with a plate in front of her. 
9: A bowl on a table is filled with fruit. 
9: A woman in the grass with a frisbee.
9: Broccoli that is being cooked in a pan. 
9: A man standing beside a stove with three pots on it.
9: A beautiful bathroom with wooden cabinets and a large oval shaped mirror.
9: Several cows in a barn painted in various different colors
9: A bowl full of broccoli and chicken stew.
9: A cooked pizza sliced into four equal pieces.
9: A horse standing in the dirt in the woods. 
9: The black cat is standing on a computer keyboard that is on the floor.
9: A single tall flower in a green glass vase sitting on a windowsill.
9: a white dog in an orange vest and a man in a blue shirt and water
9: A kitchen with cabinets, a stove, microwave and refrigerator.
9: A bunch of stuffed animals sitting on a rack. 
9: there are two rainbow painted parking meters on the street
9: This bathroom has two mirrors  and a large sink
9: a close up of a person playing a video game 
9: A plate on a wooden table topped with lots of food.
9: A vase of flowers on a dining table.
9: Two signs in front of a gate near a house. 
9: some cows are eating grass in a field
9: A large white sheet of cardboard on top of colored fabrics.
9: The people are standing on the side of the street as the bus passes.
9: There is a book with paper folded inside and a post it on it. 
9: A bed in a room with pillows and a blanket on it
9: An older couple with helmets preparing to go on a motorcycle ride.
9: A bull dog looks at the camera while wearing a hat.
9: three cats standing in a window looking out at the street  
9: An outside market featuring two stalls with bananas.
9: A cat beside a man using a laptop computer
9: A group of birds flying above the beach.
9: a guy jumping over a barrier on a skate board
9: The small pizza is next to a bottle of wine.
9: People milling about a bus terminal getting ready to board.
9: a kid is sitting out in the grass
9: A little girl holding up a smart phone.
9: Three cows with hairy heads laying down in a field.
9: Glass vase of flowers on a window sill overlooking a forested area
9: A small and tidy modern galley style kitchen.
9: A table top with phones and a camera on it.
9: A group of assorted pastries with various toppings.
9: Two zebras look at the visitors to the wildlife park
9: Someone who is cutting a slice of pizza.
9: A bathroom with a strange round shaped toilet.
9: A woman holding a tray of hot dogs in a kitchen.
9: A dog looking at his reflection in the mirror.
9: Male tennis player on the middle of the court.
9: The brown teddy bear is sitting on the table
9: Several people standing or walking on a sidewalk.
9: A circular mirror reflecting a person on a street.
9: A boy is holding a sandwich up to his face.
9: The view of a city and a lake near it .
9: A brown colored couch in a room with a large windown, wood flooring and a brown rug in the center of the floor.
9: An unmade be with two toothbrushes, a book and a manicure kit on it. 
9: Table set for breakfast with a breakfast sandwich, danish, juice and a coffee.
9: A picture of a very clean stove in the kitchen. 
9: A man leading a cow on a green leash
9: a young girl making a plate of food 
9: The giraffe is looking over the wall for some food. 
9: Various fruits and vegetables prepared and packed into small containers.
9: Two men are carrying surf boards down the beach.
9: The plane is flying over top of the cars
9: The tennis player is attempting to return the szerve.
9: A tv is on in the living room, but no one is in there.
9: Two twin beds in a room with a picture of flowers above it.
9: Guy takes a selfie wearing a dressed shirt and a tie.
9: TWo women and a baby sitting on a bench in the park 
9: a tennis player holding a racket on a court 
9: A group of elephants sitting in the middle of the forest.
9: People are walking on a walking trail while crossing the street.
9: A teenager is doing tricks on his skateboard.
9: a women that is sitting in bed with a laptop
9: A man skiing in the air above a snow filled mountain top
9:  A public transportation bus is driving down the road.  
9: A young man is standing behind a counter, carefully looking over an array of food preparation equipment and related items. 
9: An open field with multiple sheep grazing about it.
9: kitchen with a wooden kitchen island and checkered floor
9: A bus is parked next to the sidewalk.
9: A big wide boat with some wires above it.
9: Two individuals catching a wave surfing in the ocean.
9: Luggage on a carousel at the airport with people gathered around to pick it up.
9: A cat is laying on a toilet seat
9: Steaming food sitting on a white plate on a table
9: A speckled bird sitting on a branch among green leaves.
9: Black and white donuts with sprinkles are stacked on a rack. 
9: a woman standing next to a horse with a harness on 
9: A cut up pizza on a metal pizza pan next to a jar of olives, and a glass of wine. 
9: A clear vase sits on a table and holds long stemmed tulips.
9: Two children riding on a fire engine carnival ride. 
9: A couple of people in wedding outfits leaned back with an umbrella.
9: A winter scene with frozen mail and newspaper boxes under a street sign. 
9: The person holds an umbrella while looking toward the Eiffel tower. 
9: Two giraffes standing in a field looking in the same direction.
9: The city is still busy with business this time of evening. 
9: A beach with six boats parked on it.
9: Man holding food item displayed near take out tray.
9: A man in a lobby on a laptop computer.
9: the boy and the girl sit in the park together
9: a big pizza is on a big white plate
9: One deer stand and another lays down in a grassy area alongside a road.
9: A room with various items on the bed and nightstand
9: A car turning right on a red light in front of the photographer
9: A green bus is parked at the bus station. 
9: An airplane with Hello Kitty characters on it at an airport.
9: A woman watches the street as many cars streak past.
9: A horse kicks another horse as a man looks on. 
9: The woman is happy about her homemaking skills.
9: Two people in a shop looking at a bike.
9: Three cows are standing together in a line.
9: pair of zebras grazing in a desert setting.
9: A cat is playing with the bottom part of the umbrella
9: A person riding skis down a ski slope.
9: A fancy desert on a table with a number of drinking glasses.
9: A dog dressed in a biker costume on a small bike.
9: a plate of food with carrots on a table
9: Street signs point people in traffic in the right direction
9: a woman with a blue shirt and black pants playing tennis ball 
9: A cat laying down next to a teddy bear. 
9: Small pails of oranges displayed on a shelf in a produce section.
9: A dog that is on top of a person.
9: child with a brown horse in a desert type location
9: The red and white train is waiting at the station.
9: Two soldiers are slicing a cake with a knife.
9: A row of busses in dirt area with people standing around.
9: A skateboarder jumps off a bowl while doing a trick.
9: A cute little dog standing in a room.
9: A snow covered park bench next to a tree in front of a building.
9: Assorted fruits and vegetables on a stand and on a counter.
9: The giraffe is sitting and taking a rest.
9: A stop sign at an intersection with water in background.
9: The trucks are driving on the highway to make their deliveries.
9: a couple of people are running after a ball
9: A dog wears a yellow smiley face party hat.
9: A port with boats parked at a dock
9: A tall brick building behind a tall water fountain.
9: A toy figurine standing next to a small pizza.
9: a bathroom with a sink and a toilet
9: A surfer is surfing in front of a large wave.
9: A room with suitcases and guitars lined up in the middle.
9: A plate with a grain and vegetable salad on it.
9: A mom and her kids ride together on an elephant. 
9: young boy playing baseball and holding a baseball glove
9: The sneakers have lodged many miles on the skateboard.
9: A silver and blue train traveling down tracks.
9: some cake batter sitting in a bundt cake pan
9: A small shower behind a small bathroom sink.
9: a blue yellow and white jet parked at a foggy airport
9: A baseball player is holding a baseball bat, preparing to swing.
9: THERE IS A COW CROSSING THE STREET IN THE DAY
9: A bathroom toilet with a unique flushing system.
9: there are two giraffes living in a man made environment
9: Kids skiing on a hill while snow is falling.
9: Kneeling snowboarder smiles on snowy slope with mountain in the background
9: A person on a motor bike on a street.
9: Two men holding tennis racquets ready to hit the ball.
9: A man is getting ready to put on skis
9: A horse biting another horse on it's head who is grazing.
9: People playing a game of tennis with a large audience. 
9: Cutting board on table with chopped vegetables and jar of dressing.
9: A group of guys standing behind tables on a stage before a presentation. 
9: A family is in a living room playing the Wii.
9: An older couple is playing a video game.
9: There is a kitchen being built and appliances being put in
9: Eight men in a parking lot doing tricks on skateboards.
9: A very tall giraffe looking at the trees.
9: White boats fill a harbor as the blue water reflects them.
9: There is a picture of an outside territory.

9: a stop sign that has a picture of George Bush in place of the letter "O".
9: A kitchen has wooden cabinets and pots hanging on the wall.
9: a dog laying on the carpet licking a bottle.
9: two people sitting in bed both on their individual laptops
9: a person riding a surf board on a wave
9: Stop lights in front of a very foggy city skyline.
9: WOMAN WALKING DOWN THE ROAD UNDER A CLEAR UMBRELLA.
9: Large brown cat lying on leather seat of motorcycle.
9: A field with a tree with a lot of zebra's standing.
9: A boy sitting in front of an unfinished meal.
9: A surfer wearing a black and blue wet suit surfing in the ocean.
9: A counter and a table in a room.
9: A group of people work with cats and horses.
9: A man on a water ski throwing up a wave behind him as he skis.
9: A man working on the heating mechanism of an electric oven. 
9: a big group of people that are next to a stop sign
9: A Delta airplane takes off of the runway.
9: A cat sleeps on a couch by a book, a banana, and a shirt.
9: Three young women smile brightly together under a large umbrella.
9: A yellow doorway with a clock above it.
9: A blue sign that is on top of a pole.
9: A street clock that has been weathered to a mint green color
9: The pie is decorated with cut outs on top of it. 
9: a clock with a statue of many peaple
9: A man crouching on a skateboard balancing on top of a wooden object with a large amount of people around him watching. 
9: A small dog stands in a brightly lit kitchen.
9: A man holding a phone to his ear
9: A big beach with a bunch of birds on it.
9: A couple of people standing on a snow covered ski slope.
9: Three people opening a wrapped sandwich out on the grass.
9: An orange sitting on the branch of a tree.
9: A view of a cup holding scissors and writing utensils. 
9: Two white and gold decorative jars outside on a bench.
9: A baseball player taking a swing during a game.
9: A clock tower with a compass sitting on top of it.
9: A sign on a pole on a city street.
9: a blue bathroom with a shower and a sink
9: A man swinging a tennis racquet as a crowd watches.
9: a table with plates of food with drinks in the middle
9: He looks to be preparing a sandwich to sell.
9: A white frosted cake with five lit candles 
9: A black and white cat sitting in a window sill.
9: A large brown cow standing on the side of a lush green hill.
9: a brown table and chairs and a vase with flowers
9: Two giraffe standing near a fence and a green building.
9: The plate and bowl of food sit next to a small laptop.
9: A steeple on top of a building with clocks on it.
9: A man in a blue shirt looks at himself in a bathroom mirror.
9: A bunch of food is loaded onto a plate
9: BOY HOLDING WOODEN BAT FOR A STREET GAME OF SOFTBALL
9: Broccoli, tomatoes, and spinach on a bed of melted cheese.
9: A laptop sits next to a computer on the table. 
9: Two small plastic objects resembling a suitcase. 
9: The orange and white cat is sitting in a toilet bowl. 
9: A man is standing by a trolley station as one approaches.
9: a kitchen that has some stoves in it
9: The elephant is just standing by the water.
9: Two people are standing on a boat going down a river.
9: A cheese pizza with spinach leaves and a lemon slice.
9: A cattle yard where there are hundreds of cattle are hoarded. 
9: A refrigerator packed with lots of food and drinks.
9: He was holding the baby in his chair at the dining table.
9: Horse standing on rear legs while rider holds on.
9: A group of young men and woman holding surfboards.
9: A girl sitting on a bed in a room.
9: A man is skiing down hill in the snow. 
9: A small white dog stands on a wooden bench.
9: A close-up of the horse that's pulling a carriage.
9: Some green vegetables that are in a blender.
9: A man stand next to a motorcycle with a bag on the back.
9: a man in a black jacket and a black and white train and some people with luggage
9: The birds are resting on the roofs of the cars in the parking lot.
9: A man standing next to a docked ferry.
9: two zebras going opposite directions of each other in outdoor enclosure
9: Three zebras walking through an empty field together. 
9: a little boy staring back at someone taking a picture of him.
9: A place setting with bowls of broccoli and cauliflower with utensils
9: a group of people in the park play a game of frisbe 
9: a man is in the air on a skateboard
9: A picnic table with benches in a clearing in the woods.
9: A traffic signal in a big wide city street by buildings.
9: a dog behind a fence in a wooden structure 
9: A baseball player prepares to hit the ball during a game.
9: A brick clock tower ascending towards the heavens
9: A propeller plane that is flying in the sky.
9: Kids playing soccer, a couple wearing yellow and another wearing blue.
9: A street light view from underneath the street lights.
9: A baseball player putting out his glove to catch the ball.
9: a single snowbird perched on a limb during the morning.
9: Travis d'Arnaud, baseball catcher for the New York Mets, is at bat.
9: A close up shot of a horse grazing in a small field. 
9: Four tanned men and a girl at an event.
9: A tennis player is tying her shoe with her tennis racket on the ground. 
9: The baby rides the toy in front of the christmas tree.
9: A woman standing with a girl with a polka dot umbrella.
9: A woman riding a surf board through the waves.
9: A tennis player getting ready to hit a tennis ball on a court.
9: a dog that is on the lap of a women
9: A dog in a yellow coat licking another dog laying on a sidewalk.
9: A gigantic baseball bat statue leans on a building.
9: A pair of zebras standing in the middle of a field.
9: Traffic in front of Walgreens on a town street.
9: A group of stuffed animals make an expression for the camera.
9: A cat sipping some water from a large bowl.
9: Man contemplating his life while sitting on a bench under a tree.
9: A green pasture of black and white cows, and sheep.
9: A young boy and a woman sit with a laptop between them. 
9: Chickens and a cat out on a field.
9: A man in a pink shirt stands staring against a green wall.
9: The bride is impressed by the grace of the horse.
9: A bath tub filled with water with a hole in the wall.

9: a large air plane on a field behind a fence
9: A Giant's baseball player walks towards the batter's box. 
9: Woman in red glasses grinning while holding half a donut.
9: A group of elephants on a grass field.
9: Big Ben is seen near a bridge and other buildings.
9: A prson has tongs and scissors to cut food at a table.
9: some boys having some food at a table together 
9: Someone holding up a remote with six buttons.
9: there is a male frisbee player about to catch the frisbee
9: A red and white double decker bus driving down a street.
9: A very small kitchen sink with a single light above it.
9: A young boy is smiling and holding a baseball bat.
9: A blue bus sitting in a parking lot
9: A man on a surfboard who is riding a wave.
9: The neatly made bed is beside an open window.
9: A vintage green car parked on a grassy lawn. 
9: Lots of people at a long table eating, drinking and smiling
9: a train sitting on the track while a man looks at it
9: A laptop is plugged in with papers next to it.
9: Two small dogs in harnesses sitting on a bench
9: A street sign is attached to a post on a street
9: A woman that is sitting in the grass with animals.
9: A large cruse ship in port as a pickup pulling a much smaller boat drives near.
9: A stop sign stands at an intersection by a tree.
9: Picture of a park bench surround by trees with coloring leaves
9: a plate with broccoli tofu and other various vegetables
9: An old man wearing a suit standing up near a crowd of people
9: A zebra is drinking water from a pond at a zoo.
9: A dog with a white hat at the field
9: A man standing on a tennis court holding a racquet.
9: A young woman horseback riding with her friends
9: The very large, spceous bathroom has carpet and a jacuzzi.
9: a person jumping a skate board in the air
9: A red stop sign sitting on the side of the road.
9: many horses in a field eating grass with trees in the background
9: An upside down road sign showing three different "only" options on where your lane will take you.
9: There are some people standing near the water plane.
9: A bathroom with a tub, toilet and a sink.
9: A man standing on stage holding sum kind of remote control.
9: A skateboarder with a black jacket and hat riding a skateboard on a ramp.
9: This is a game of professional baseball being played,
9: A young man with a stuffed animal is reading on a bench.
9: The surfer is on top of a large wave.
9: Two children playing in a bubble bath. 
9: A dog sticking it's head out of the drivers side window.
9: There is a picture of an outside area.

9: A cab parked outside of a store with a bus near it.
9: A green clock with a running scene on the bottom. 
9: The cat is hiding inside of a suitcase.
9: A beer truck is parked on the street outside a building.
9: An intersection with cars and buildings and a tree. 
9: A man is standing on the beach holding a surfboard.
9: a group of people riding skis on a snowy slope
9: Two guys are skiing while racing on the snow covered ground. 
9: something in a toilet in a rest room bathroom 
9: A glass vase of many flowers with water inside.
9: a couple with a child sitting at a table and smiling for the camera
9: A stove is shown with a mixer next to it.
9: A zoo elephant enclosure on a sunny day with visitors watching the elephants.
9: Two adult bears play fight in the water.
9: A man is riding on a motorcycle down the street and looking sideways.
9: A person lying down on a surf board in the ocean.
9: A shirtless guy stands in a small bathroom as he brushes his teeth with an electric toothbrush. 
9: A gray car driving by a city bus on the opposite side of the street.
9: A stop signs stands at a cross walk on a street.
9: A bridge over the top of some water with a boat underneath.
9: a sandwich a fork and a drink on a table
9: A double decker bus is driving through the city
9: A cop on a motorcycle speeds down the street.
9: A few birds standing on the grass near a lake.
9: There is a clock sitting at the street corner.
9: A kitchen with a few cabinets and a small oven.
9: two doughnuts on a plate one glazed and one half frosted with orange sprinkles
9: A sleeping cat lying next to a laptop on a desk.
9: A person standing on a mountain side flying a kite.
9: A person riding a horse through a field.
9: three young men are piling luggage into a storage container
9: A woman is holding a plate and a bottle
9: A person on skis on a snow slope.
9: Two ladies playing tennis indoor in a room lit with windows.
9: A black man running towards the tennis ball with his racket.
9: A cat is standing on the oven door while staring into it.
9: A black dog wearing a red collar jumps off the lawn.
9: A cat sitting on a desk with paper and pen
9: Stuffed teddy bear sitting on top of a pile of green bananas.
9: An Asian kid is riding his skateboard and doing some tricks in the air. 
9: Many different vegetables are arranged next to each other. 
9: A white faced clock with roman numerals surrounded by a painting.
9: A black and white dog catching a frisbee on a field.
9: Two people running and playing frisbee in a field.
9: A clocktower standing next to a building-lined street
9: A young girl reaches her hand above an uncooked pepperoni pizza.
9: A man is riding a small motorcycle through the parking lot
9: Four young skiers stand together in the snow.
9: Two people sitting on a bench on a sidewalk near stores.
9: A snowboarder performing a jump off of a hill.
9: some plants sitting next to a window 
9: Bathroom containing a toilet, a sink and a wicker basket.
9: The man also talks with his hands while conversing on the phone.
9: A wooden bench sits beside the forest trail.
9: A collage displays colorful deserts and fresh vegetables.
9: two cows walking from a field into the road
9: People standing on the grass playing with a frisbee.
9: A view of a city with many old cathedrals.
9: A sandwich truck driving down a street 
9: A fire hydrant in a city has a hose attached. 
9: A TABLE AND A DESK IN A BOOK STORE 
9: A brightly colored refrigerator stands next to shelves with bottles on them. 
9: Fully decorated basement has no people in it.
9: A glass sitting on a table next to an oven.
9: a polar bear standing in the snow with its reflection in the water
9: A person with a glass at a table.
9: A room with a large white bed and a flat screen TV.
9: there are many giraffes that are standing by a fence
9: Small boy in all grey standing on a white platform in the water. 
9: Two pairs of scissors are interconnected at the blades.
9: Large clock sitting on top of a black post in a park. 
9: A man talking on a cell phone in a building.
9: A closeup view of a desk with a keyboard, mouse, and monitor.
9: A man is smiling above a pizza on a tray.
9: A man riding a snowboard down a  snow covered hill.
9: Three skiers are standing on a ski slope.
9: a couple of bathtubs are leaning against each other
9: People staring at a man on a fancy motorcycle.
9: a very cloudy sky with many power lines and street lights
9: A beer advertisement on the side of a passenger bus.
9: a cat squished in between a couch and a window in the sun 
9: A group of people on pier next to fence with kite in sky.
9: Two tall giraffes standing next to each other. 
9: a man in a tie and a suit is indifferent 
9: A black horse truck driving on a highway.
9: Three students pose near a bench with writing on it.
9: multiple row boats are lined up against the dock
9: Several birds are blind folded and perched on a bar.
9: A bed sitting inside of a cracked up wall.
9: A pair of hot dogs with mayo and a pickle.
9: A parking garage with a Stop Here sign at the exit area.
9: A photo looking down at a man with a plate of pizza.
9: A person swinging a tennis racket at a ball on a tennis court.
9: A tower with a blue clock on a roof dormer.
9: A young person eating pizza and the other eating a burger and fries.
9: A little girl holding a teddy bear. 
9: A white horse stands at the side of a road, pulling a carriage.
9: A man riding a skateboard through a forest.
9: a dog lays down on some pillows with a blanket 
9: An open bathroom with a skyscraper shower curtain
9: A baseball game going on while a player holds a bat ready. 
9: A young child in a bed is hooked to an IV.
9: A bench is on a deck overlooking the water
9: Two cats on a couch with one looking at you.
9: Two horses on a hillside with a Beagle dog.
9: a couple of skiers on top of a snowy mountain
9: a man throwing a bat after hitting a ball 
9: A vase of colorful flowers on a table
9: A fire hydrant sitting on the side of the road in the dirt.
9: A kite is flying beneath the blue sky.
9: A vase with flowers next to a clock
9: A boat sitting on top of a sandy beach near the ocean.
9: A black cat wearing a yellow bow tie.
9: A person on a surfboard riding an ocean wave.
9: A woman smiles while holding up a cake.
9: two white horses are pulling some people in a cart
9: A row of airplanes and one has a clover on it.
9: A man standing in front of a truck on a road.
9: Three buses parked in row on a street.
9: Two cats destroying a roll of toilet paper in a bathroom on a blue towel.
9: two cake doughnuts with three strawberries and a cup  of coffee 
9: This bathroom is all white and has a framed mirror on the wall
9: A young giraffe standing in an open field.
9: A bed and a couch in a small room.
9: Four zebras and three giraffes wander in a preserve 
9: Several people tracking along the mountain in skis.
9: A man jumps from the pier while holding a surfboard
9: A tabby cat standing in a partially closed brown suitcase. 
9: Three similar cars are stopped at traffic lights.
9: a laptop and a mouse on a desk 
9: A dingy with some pigeons on it in the water
9: A brick tower with a clock on it.
9: Three chefs talking to each other at a bar.
9: A man surfs on a lake with a paddle.
9: The kitchen sink is surrounded by knives, vegetables and paper towels.
9: a nude woman tied up with rope that barely covers up the private parts 
9: A bunch of various items that are sitting on the carpet.
9: A person walking down a street past a teddy bear sign.
9: A Little League player is getting ready to hit the ball.
9: A rack filled with lots of different bags of luggage.
9: A table with bird cages sitting on top of it.
9: A surfer falling off his surf board at the top of a wave.
9: This tall clock tower is inviting  tourists to explore the stone balcony and interior chamber.
9: A cartoon image of a man on a pair of skis.
9: Various foreign snack foods are on a white table.
9: a close up of an uncooked pizza on a stove 
9: A beautiful bush of flowers next to a bench.
9: A lot of donuts that are in a tray.
9: A ship in the harbor against a clear blue sky. 
9: A large building with many different people inside.
9: A young woman awaits a tennis ball in a tennis game
9: Two skiers pose side by side for a picture
9: A little boy wearing a helmet and riding a bike.
9: A group of people walking down a  street on a wet sidewalk.
9: GUY WEARING HEADPHONES AROUND HIS NECK, CARRYING A SKATE BOARD
9: A cat that is inside of a cup.
9: A man with a mohawk walking under an umbrella in the sun
9: A bed that has different pillows on it.
9: The train is going down the train tracks. 
9: a few people that are standing next to each other
9: Two long-beaked birds float on the surface of the lake.
9: Bouquet of purple tulips in a beige colored vase. 
9: Round lit street signs in the middle of a city. 
9: Photo of train on railroad tracks in green and white.
9: A young child brushing their teeth with a green toothbrush.
9: This meal has a sandwich, soup, and orange juice.
9: A silver state of the art oven being installed.
9:  A fish eye look at a recently fixed up bath.
9: A cat sits atop a scratching tree, watching intently. 
9: A group of people walking across asphalt, dressed informally
9: A woman standing in the kitchen barefoot in front of a sink.
9: An elephant walking into a watering hole. 
9: A cat with hind legs on the edge of the bathtub and front paws on the toilet seat.
9: A vegetable pizza on a plate on a table.
9: A smiling guy by a big bunch of cute sheep,
9: A double sink full of dirty cups and spoons
9: a close up of a baseball player catching a ball
9: Black and white photograph of a tractor on beach next to boats.
9: An old photo of empty beds at a hospital 
9: A laughing German man at a party wearing ridiculous ties and sunglasses hams it up for the camera. 
9: Several metal statues of people wearing coats and holding umbrellas are in close proximity to each other.
9: A man on his cell phone, wearing a leather jacket, gazing toward low mountains.
9: A vase full of cut flowers sitting on a table.
9: a small boy is putting change into a time meter
9: Two giraffes stand in the yard of their zoo enclosure
9: Vehicle traffic on a paved road under a cloudy sky.
9: A briefcase full of old used books on sale
9: a white bowl with slices of apple bananas and some pomegranates
9: A big teddy bear is leaning against a tree.
9: a woman eating while others are standing around
9: A meal including cooked carrots and a glass of Coke.
9: A bathroom sink with a mirror above it and the walls covered with framed photos.
9: a man is standing near a couple of umbrellas
9: A green traffic light at night on a busy city street.
9: An empty kitchen is missing the shelve cabinets.
9: A male surfer riding a wave at a surf park.
9: Person tiding an orange motorcycle with one had raised.
9: A man with a baseball bat that is in the dirt.
9: A small dog eating a treat next to a couple of knitted hats.
9: Bicyclists dressed in vintage attire sit on a city street with modern cars.
9: a bench under a bush with trees in the background
9: United States President Barack Obama gives a speech in front of American and Russian flags.
9: A woman standing on a crowded sidewalk talking on a cell phone.
9: A man in a white and orange baseball uniform standing with a bat in his hand. 
9: Group of people standing behind a large white clock face. 
9: A woman and a horse in a barn with dirt floor.
9: A laptop sitting on a desk near a cellphone, mouse, keyboard and monitor.
9: Corner of a street with various buildings and signage.
9: A large sign that shows "Western Square" as well as other words.
9: A plate off half-eaten chocolate cake with a fork.
9: Someone riding waves in the ocean on their surf board
9: A man wearing a brown shirt holds a sandwich.
9: The garbage can and fire hydrants are in the park.
9: People fly kites near the water on a hill. 
9: a baseball player looks at the catcher 
9: A picture of a jet flying in the air framed by a tree on the left.
9: a young baseball player standing with a bat
9: A boy is practicing jumping on his skateboard. 
9: A little girl sitting at a table wiping her mouth with a napkin.
9: A bowl of oranges covered in water drops.
9: A skier in Alaska watches a train pass by
9: a man sits at a table using a laptop
9: Broken toilets and sinks are outside on the stairwell.
9: Three zebras interacting in a zoo zebra enclosure.
9: Two people having a meal at a diner.
9: A lady smiles while skiing at a snowy ski resort.
9: A skier races downhill on a ski track.
9: A pair of hotdogs in buns sit on a plate with chips.
9: Several street signs on a metal pole by some trees.
9: An old black and white photo of men with teams of horses. 
9: A pile of luggage of pink and purple luggage 
9: Many people standing in a large, open field flying kites.
9: A man with a dog rides a small truck in the field
9: Two young children play a video game console. 
9: a woman in a dress and a umbrella 
9: A catcher prepares to catch the pitch during a baseball game.
9: a girl and a dog are sitting on a bed hugging
9: A skate boarder riding a rail at the skate park
9: A woman eating a doughnut sitting at a laptop.
9: A close up of a sandwich with vegetables and wraps.
9: Two boys are playing an interactive video game. 
9: A blue and white bus on top of something on a sunny day
9: A person stands on a snowy hill while holding some poles 
9: A bag and it's contents sitting beside it on a floor.
9: Two herds of sheep standing on both sides of a long stream and valley.
9: a stuffed animal that has a tooth brush
9: A young man in a green outfit ridding a surfboard. 
9: A kid with a helmet and knee pads on riding a skateboard in the street. 
9: Do you think that these might be twin elephants?
9: A black and white boat anchored at a boat dock.
9: A surfer falls off of his board at a beach.
9: A book with the name The Camera Phone book on it.
9: Elephant with seat standing in outdoor area near building.
9: A seagull flies over a grassy and rocky beach. 
9: A bus of people riding up a highway.
9: A room with wooden floors and white walls
9: A man is leaning against the building eating a sandwich.
9: Two hipsters sitting on a wooden bench next to each other.
9: a person riding a bike on a city street 
9: Animals being held in an enclosed area during the day.
9: THERE IS A PERSON ON THE BEACH 
9: a man being pulled on a water board with the assistance of a kite
9: A brown elephant with two tusks in a lush field.
9: A white kitchen counter with a big, brown bowl on it.
9: A large piece of pizza is on a white plate.
9: Three people at a table sampling multiple flavored drinks. 
9: There are several beer signs across from street lights.
9: A man in a white shirt with a red tie is standing in front of a door way.
9: a tennis player on a tennis court swinging a tennis racket
9: a pair of dogs on a sidewalk next to a bicycle
9: An orange fire hydrant on the sidewalk of a street. 
9: A small red train on a steel track.
9: A living room in a home showing a media area which contain a tv DVD player and DVDs 
9: a green car is pulled up at a stop light
9: A motorcyclist is stopped an photographing a jet with a nautical design.
9: A cat has put  his head in a shoe.
9: A red car siting by a parking metter.
9: A zebra stands with its head down in its enclosure. 
9: This is a bridge that is connecting two buildings. 
9: a white and red boat with people on it and trees
9: The couple is cutting the umbilical cord on the baby. 
9: A train is riding through a subway track.
9: a close up of someone cutting wrapping paper
9: All of the lights are showing yellow and the streets are covered in the snow.
9: two men playing with a kite outside in the grass
9: Bench on a train with a heater under the seat.
9: a dog with a birthday hat and toy with three other dogs
9: there is a street sign that shows an arrow and a street name
9: A baby sitting on a baby reaching for a laptop. 
9: A male holding two broken pieces of a suitcase.
9: A man wake boarding in the ocean behind a boat.
9: A person going down a steep snow hill.
9: A little, young girl playing the wii in the living room.
9: A woman pouring wine into glasses on a table
9: The people are walking beside of the bus.
9: A yellow sign on the side of a road.
9: a large black and white cat sitting on a computer keyboard looking at the screen
9: a red and white double decker bus passing pedestrians
9: This is a woman talking on her cell phone while sitting on the curb.
9: A mirror image of a red haired doll clock.
9: A giraffe stands in the grass in front of tall trees.
9: Two ladies at a desk working on a laptop computer.
9: The longhorn sheep are grazing on the mountain.
9: A man on a phone in front of a tree with an animal in it
9: a little league player who has just swung his bat
9: An elephant is standing alone in heated zoo.
9: A blurry picture of a at on a bed.
9: Two people playing a tennis match at night.
9: Groups of people riding on the backs of elephants.
9: a close up of a street sign on a pole 
9: A four way stop sign in a nonresidential area.
9: A person on a bicycle riding down the street. 
9: A young man on his hands and knees riding a skate board.
9: A cat standing next to bottles of beer.
9: two park benches in a park looking out over the parking lot
9: A man and women in sunglasses and fedoras outdoors.
9: A woman that is standing in front of a tray.
9: A cat is riding in a lift bucket while parked in a parking lot.
9: Two people riding on mopeds in a parking lot. 
9: A man about to enjoy some type of delicious looking pastry
9: A couple sits on a couch while playing wii.
9: A black-and-white photo of a large bench on the sidewalk.
9: Two guys playing a video game in the living room.
9: containers with fruit, candy and pastries in them.
9: The banana is sitting next to the two oranges,
9: A man is on his surf board riding the wave. 
9: A long fire plug stands some distance away from the building.
9: A young man tries to ride up a wave
9: A couch and table in a sitting area of the house.
9: Boy scouts spread out and waiting an airport with their bags
9: A man and a woman stand next to each other near an orange plant.
9: Group of people standing underneath a blue and purple umbrella. 
9: A chicken has a meat thermometer in it.
9: A man in front of a vendor on a skateboard.
9: A tennis player waits to react to the play during a tennis match.
9: A woman holding a man by the arm, with a tie.
9: A large bull with a protective look as its near its calf's.
9: A man putting something into a large brick oven
9: an airport lobby with a woman hauling baggage
9: a brown leather couch in a living room 
9: Two men accidentally get their ties too tied up
9: A guy performs some tricks with his skateboard.
9: A living room couch with a display of large mirror and flowers.
9: A traveler's guide features a car mirror with the reflection of elephants following.
9: There are many menus showing the food selections.
9: Three computers are sitting on a desk with the same picture on each screen. 
9: Street and multiple traffic signs at an intersection 
9: A very cute little red fire hydrant by a big wall.
9: Two women on the same side of the tennis court, playing tennis.
9: There are many people that are feeding a giraffe
9: A grizzly bear is making is way across an open snowy field.
9: A group of people watching a kite in the air
9: A distinct looking planter with flowers sitting on a table.
9: a car  some dirt a garden grass bushes and trees
9: She is showing the child something on her phone.
9: A large crowd of people surrounding a bed.
9: A girl sitting on a bench reading, a book in one hand and half of an apple in her other hand, with her legs crossed, and another bench, grass, and a building behind her.
9: Three goats standing around on top of a hill.
9: Model airplane with an American insignia and stripes on wings.
9: The arm of a bed rests on top of a glass drawer.
9: A white bed in a small hotel room
9: An empty dining area features round tables with several umbrellas and red and green backed chairs.
9: A display of vintage animal toys on the floor.
9: Two woman eating out of bowls while outside
9: A small pug sitting on top of a couch next to a black dog.
9: A person wearing a blue jacket is on skis holding ski poles as he holds up his arms.
9: An elephant roaming around a dry african-like landscape.
9: a shelf with a bunch of glass vases on top of it 
9: A man and woman sitting at a table together
9: A couple of cats sitting on top of a white toilet.
9: A UPS truck is double parked outside a business building.
9: A woman brushing her teeth in the snow.
9: A bathroom with a sink, vanity and shower stall.
9: The apartment has some chairs but doesn't appear to be lived in.
9: A bathroom that has a toilet on a tile floor.
9: An oblong pizza with mushrooms is on a cutting board.
9: Big room with shelves full of books and multiple couches and chairs
9: a woman in a white top and two girls are holding some donuts
9: A motorcycle outside parked somewhere in a park-like setting.
9: A serving of carrot cake with white icing with a fork on a plate.
9: A dog sitting on top of stairs.] with a red bow tie.
9: An outdoor clock on a wall next to a streetlight.
9: A fork stuck into a pulled pork sandwich with two sides.
9: Traffic stopped at an intersection waiting for the light to turn green.
9: a street with the sign for the Roseburg Town Center hanging over it
9: A black and white bathroom scene includes a sink, a toilet, and a bathtup.
9: a tower on a clock next to a cathedral
9: A living room with purple couches and hard wood floors.
9: a green and yellow train some tracks and a bridge
9: A person lays on the edge of a boat.
9: A pile of sinks sitting next to a pile of toilets.
9: A room with bookshelves, a wood floor, and bean bag chairs.
9: A District bus with a bike in front is traveling. 
9: Rodeo cowboy falling into dirt next to bucking horse
9: a tennis player swinging his racket on a tennis court
9: A toddler is carrying a stuffed anmal while the adult holding her is smiling for the camera.
9: a close up of a plate with food
9: Person in front of restaurant window with hat, glasses, tie and holding a microphone to mouth.
9: an image of a slice of pie on a table next to a teddy bear
9: Two giraffes are standing in front of a fence.
9: A person dressed up taking a picture at a street with his fist up
9: A stuffed bear sits in front of a lava lamp.
9: Several buses are in a courtyard area as people mill around.
9: A batter up to bat at a baseball game.
9: Black and white photograph of people and cars on a street.
9: A metal tool sitting on top of a wooden deck.
9: A bunch of people posing with some bikes.
9: A person in an office holding an Apple cell phone.
9: Three bicycles are hanging from a tree next to a building.
9: A subway train sits on the track next to a loading platform.
9: Empty beach chair with umbrella on empty beach.
9:  a man wearing sunglasses eating a big sandwich
9: boy in plaid observes parade of elephants walking away
9: A street sign on a colorful and decorated street post.
9: Many cows stand on the side of a hill.
9: A girl holds a younger girl as they look upon a birthday cake.
9: A small train is making its way down the tracks next to a silo.
9: A very small French bull dog is chewing on a stuffed animal.
9: A young man doing jumps using his skateboard
9: a man walks two dogs and a person holds an umbrella while walking through the park
9: Inside of a building with a fridge and counter top.
9: A woman in a yellow jacket stands on and looks at her phone.
9: a train that is on a road next to some buildings
9: Fast motion picture of a train in motion
9: A person stands near a flying Frisbee and soccer ball.
9: People are standing on the beach flying a kite.  
9: A woman casually reaches up to hit a tennis ball.
9: People playing tennis in a sidewalk shopping area.
9: Shoes are lined up on the sidewalk in front of the fire hydrant.
9: A bunch of vegetabes in a woven little basket
9: Someone is eating a doughnut beside bins of strawberries.
9: a person walking on a city street near a traffic light
9: Two people in full body suits and one without  standing besides surfboards on the beach 
9: A plate of food with small appetizers on it.
9: Four glasses of wine sitting on a bar are half filled.
9: a bunch of people on bikes ride through a city street 
9: an image of two elephants with sharp tusks
9: An expanse of snow in the middle of dry plants
9: A train engine merging onto a track and passing under a bridge 
9: A woman with headphones in walking her white dog.
9: A person holds a hot dog with onions, mustard, and ketsup.
9: A person is taking a picture of a bathroom sink.
9: A woman in a coat, sitting outside on a toilet.
9: A few boys read comic books together outside
9: A black and white bird behind some branches.
9: A lone cat lounging on top of a counter.
9: A woman on the street holding an umbrella.
9: Two plates containing a hamburger and chips, and one drink are sitting on a small table.
9: Two small children sit and dine at a table, inside a restaurant
9: A van is cordoned off in a parking space along the street.
9: A woman cooking in her kitchen with a black pan.
9: A cat is sleeping with it's head on a remote control.
9: a man and woman are getting married 
9: A person in a wet suit in the water engaging in a water sport.
9: A picture of a man giving a thumps up with a cell phone in hand. 
9: Two cows, a motorcycle and a man in front of a church.
9: A photo of people walking the sidewalk holding umbrellas. 
9: A close up shot of a laptop's keyboard and screen. 
9: An old open trunk sits in a dilapidated house.
9: Male athlete ready for ball during outdoor tennis game.
9: A picture of a plane in a runway.
9: Two Giraffes one is standing and the other one is seated. 
9: the woman is happy to get her birthday cake.
9: pizza and chips which are placed in white plates
9: A city is shown with multicolored buildings lined up.
9: A young man with a beard wearing a napkin under his tie. 
9: The man on the motorcycle is traveling down the road.
9: a partially eaten piece of quiche by a keyboard 
9: Cars are parked on the side of a street lined with brick buildings.
9: A woman smiling with a hot dog in her hand
9: A man riding a skateboard down the middle of a street.
9: A man walking across a tennis court holding a racquet.
9: A woman eating a donut on a park bench.
9: A group of dairy cows looking onward while in a pin.
9: A motorcycle shaped pizza cutter near a cheesy pizza.
9: A mouse is sitting on a surface next to a key.
9: Two men both working on the same computer screen.
9: a dish with five items of food and some sauce
9: an mp3 player with dining tables and chairs in the background
9: A dog sitting on the floor between a person legs 
9: This bathroom has a toilet, a metal spiral towel rack, an a shower with a glass door. 
9: Me and vegetables being cooked inside a silver pot. 
9: A couch and chair are surrounded by books. 
9: A young girl who is sitting on a bed.
9: An orange cat sitting inside a zippered bag.
9: A toilet seat that is white and clean with toilet paper within easy access.
9: A couple of red double decker buses sandwiching a small white bus.
9: A couple of elephants walking along a dirt road.
9: Black and white photograph of a woman and baby.
9: A close up of a man holding a plate eating a piece of pizza.
9: a young boy in swim trunks standing by a small horse
9: This is a gorgeous sunset at a beach with a parasailor in the distance.
9: A clock, bells and wall sculpture on a building.
9: We are looking at a car going down the road.
9: Small personal bed in a room with a large well lit window.
9: A photo of two women playing on the Wii.
9: A truck has a warning sign on it, near construction in the mountains.
9: A bathroom with sink, mirror, and toilet in it.
9: The group of people came out today to fly their kites.
9: A hotel room with two separate twin beds.
9: A cat is looking at a large group of pigeons.
9: A three range stove top with nothing cooking on it.
9: a big bed sits in a room next to a bathroom
9: a man with an leg up while reaching for a frisbee 
9: a man is throwing a frisbee in a field
9: The tennis player in the green Nike shirt has a pained facial expression.
9: A cat rests it's head on a purse
9: A female model in an advertisement on the side of a city bus.
9: A couple of boats that are sitting in the water.
9: Four people are swimming in the sea with chairs on the beach.
9: Two horses grazing together in a field 
9: A man in black jacket skiing between trees.
9: A boy operating a mouse and viewing a laptop.
9: A biker bikes down the road as people walk on it
9: a man rides a motor cycle through a street 
9: Slices of pizza sit on a baking pan.
9: A group of people are standing together at night.
9: A young boy wearing a catchers mitt holding a ball.
9: A man is sitting at the corner near a traffic light.
9: A very small train on a empty train track.
9: A boat sailing in the middle of the open ocean.
9: The clock is mounted on the side of a building near skyscrapers.
9: A woman holds a small piece of paper next to a plate of pizza. 
9: a double deckered bus on a city street
9: Two ducklings laying together in a grassy field.
9: A double decker bus is traveling down the road .
9: A man throws frisbees in the middle of a field.
9: Two old time baseball players talk to a man.
9: clear vase filled with white and yellow flowers with water
9: The illuminated clock is on a building above a traffic signal. 
9: A catcher catches a baseball as it passes the batter
9: A plate of hot dog on a table with a glass
9: Two horses pulling a carriage walk through a busy street.
9: a cat laying on a desk in front of a computer
9: A man in a wetsuit and red shirt, riding a surfboard at the edge of a wave.
9: Herd of elephants walking following each other along a path
9: A nice kitchen with wooden cabinets and granite countertops.
9: Carrots, cauliflower and broccoli sitting in a clear container.
9: Players are in the middle of a Baseball game with Old Glory present in the background. 
9: the skateboarder has a passenger on his skateboard.
9: There is a sign for an exit on a highway.
9: A young boy is standing next to the banana tree. 
9: The street sign is close to big buildings.
9: a stop sign that got murked by some shit
9: A street corner has a street light in front of a tall blue building.
9: A tray of food that includes soup and bread.
9: There is a view of a living room that has a red chair
9: The inside of an empty public bus with black seats.
9: Man trying on suit getting ready for a wedding
9: A man is walking while using his cellphone.
9: A man wearing a black shirt and hat is talking on his cell phone
9: A woman helps her child brush their teeth.
9: A bench in a park beside a walkway.
9: The living and dining rooms of an old house
9: A boy holds a plastic sword in a park.
9: A bunch of people in a building doing different things
9: A photo of two plans with water and birds surrounding it , one plane in the air one one the ground.
9: a man that is holding open a dogs mouth
9: an image of a man on his surfboard riding the ocean waves
9: There is a living room suite in a large hotel room
9: Two girls are smoking cigarettes while one is playing on the laptop.
9: There are some green bananas hanging in bunches
9: A ribbon has been tied around the branch of a tree.
9: A person crafting a kite around two sticks.
9: A train wreck with cars submerged in water. 
9: A bathroom wall with a urinal and a sign above it.
9: The toilet is across from a bidet in the small bathroom. 
9: The living room is full of books on the shelves.
9: A boy playing baseball on a sandy beach.
9: A man running walking in the rain, holding an umbrella. 
9: A white bathroom sink sitting underneath a bathroom mirror.
9: a bunch of lights are hanging above a street
9:  a person riding a skate board on a skate park
9: A very small bathroom with a toilet and shower.
9: A crowd of people on motorcycles in an empty lot.
9: A young woman sits at a table in front of two plates of pizza.
9: A yellow bicycle parked next to a rail by the water.
9: A hotel room has a small kitchen and red bedspreads.
9: Several passenger trains wait in a row before departing. 
9: A nat naps with his head on a sneaker.
9: The Big Ben clock tower towering over the city of london
9: Naked woman with heels on bed and curtains
9: living room with couches, coffee table and tv
9: There is a toilet in a small bathroom.
9: A break room where people work and stairs in the background.
9: A young skier in a red jacket goes down hill
9: A large group of people watching a bu g group of bikers go by.
9: A refrigerator on a patio flooded with water, beverage cans and a beer bottle. 
9: A person with a racket jumps to hit a ball.
9: a small fluffy dog sitting on a blue couch
9: A bunch of stuffed animals that are stacked together.
9: A baby chews on a yellow hairbrush while sitting on a sofa.
9: A man on a skateboard is jumping high above a set of stairs.
9: A well-traveled snow path shows snow-heavy evergreens in the back, and to the foreground, a well-bundled and hooded person, who is standing and holding long poles, while also wearing skis. 
9: two people cross train tracks on a rainy day 
9: Two giraffe facing away from the camera in a cage.
9: A woman with pink hair plays Wii at a store.
9: The yellow and blue bird is standing on a branch.
9: A man riding a surfboard in the ocean on a wave.
9: A horse stands in a grassy area in front of a group of mountains.
9: Three people standing around a tractor and trailer with box cars loaded on the back.
9: A layered cake with many decorations on a table.
9: a small child is biting in to some food
9: A man holding a while frisbee while standing on a field.
9: An small plane is taking off from a field
9: The street lights are glowing in the fog.
9: A jet airplane with the loading ramp next to it.
9: Several men and women in soccer uniforms run around a field with many people and stands on the sidelines.
9: a cell phone cover made to look like food 
9: a big truck that is parked next to a small car
9: A tranquil bathroom is here, with a nice sink and a towel rolled up on it.
9: Two giraffes standing in front of several trees.
9: A bowl with a muffin, strawberries, a banana and chicken.
9: a mattress is laying on a dirty concrete slab
9: a desk with a computer, headphones. some glasses and a little globe on it 
9: a bunch of skiers are coming down a slope
9: a person in a wetsuit riding a wave with a surfboard 
9: Brown and white horse looking out a window.
9: A close up of the architectural structures of a building with a clock on it. 
9: A woman engaged in a cell phone conversation.
9: Two cows tied to a fence near a street, under a tree.
9: people standing around a table while holding up some wine glasses
9: A white cat in a white bathtub looking at the camera.
9: a open cabinet with a chopper inside 
9: An old black and white photo of people posing for a picture.
9: A sandwich with cheese and bacon on a white plate
9: Wild animals in the grazing and walking in the brush.
9: A grapefruit is cut open and placed on a pile.
9: A small group of bears walk around the banks of the river.
9: A lady holding a bag standing before a large mirror.
9: A bathroom with a white toilet and sink.
9: A double decker bus driving on a street
9: A zebra reaching into someones car with its head
9: A hand with scissors cutting another persons hair sitting in a chair. 
9: A kitchen area with a counter, silver refrigerator and microwave.
9: A baseball player moves to avoid getting hit by a ball
9: A computer keyboard and monitor on a desk.
9: A man standing next to a pile of luggage.
9: A cow stands if front of a white wall.
9: A boy skateboarding down a wet paved road.
9: A man holding up his hand on a baseball field.
9: A kitten is laying on the ground playing with a toy
9: A group of people walking across the tarmac to an airplane.
9: A park bench covered with colorful, patchwork fabric.
9: A man cross countring sking on a set of trails.
9: A red double decker bus headed to Victoria is parked on the side of the street.
9: A person flies a kite as the sun sets in the distance. 
9: The Asian girl is holding her Miss Kitty phone
9: A wrap of some sort with bacon and lettuce on it.
9: A man rides a an inflatable chair as he rides down a river.
9: there is a man sticking his head out of a train window
9: Several people are leading horses by a body of water
9: A herd of sheep grazing across the street from a large building
9: Some old metal objects are on a table with a rope.
9: People walking and riding horses near the ocean. 
9: a bunch of sheep are standing in a field
9: Large red wall with shuttered window and fire hydrant
9: A polar bear standing near a rock and grass
9: Several people are riding horses on the beach.
9: a platform for a train station with several trains stopped.
9: two hot dogs in buns sitting on a white plate
9: A white dog lays under a multitude of hats.
9: two motorcycles and a bicycle and some windows
9: A train sits on a track just past a railroad crossing. 
9: A cake with a sparkler sticking out of it's center.
9: A boat speeds down open water spraying water behind it.
9: The men are playing a game of Frisbee on the grassy field,
9: A man riding a wave on top of a surfboard.
9: A man gets back into his car in the desert.
9: Two women carrying umbrellas walking in the rain.
9: Various citrus fruits are being sold in baskets. 
9: A statue holding a red umbrella in a pond.
9: Railroad stop gates down for a passing passenger train.
9: a bunch of birds flying in a line in the sky
9: A woman holds a large donut with two hands.
9: A giraffe walking near a tour vehicle in the grass
9: A black cat sits in front of two computer screen staring a the one to it left.
9: A police car sitting in front of a fire hydrant.
9: A clock stands on the corner of a quiet street.
9: A bicyclist looking at a stork in shallow water.
9: A man and a women walking under an umbrella.
9: The police officer looks at his cell phone and the costumed woman talks on her cell phone.
9: A man and his daughter at the beach flying a kite.
9: A closed, white Apple laptop lies on a wrinkled surface.
9: There are no doors in that entry way.
9: A man that is sitting in front of a birthday cake with candles.
9: A man who is putting a hot dog in his mouth.
9: Woman making funny face while holding giant pair of scissors to her neck.
9: A tennis player in white returning the ball.
9: A child with green frog umbrella standing with a parent near water's edge.
9: Two butterflies stand on the side of half an orange. 
9: Happy boy showing off a packaged electric toothbrush.
9: A sheep sits on a rocky, hilly field.
9: A wedding party, including the bride, dressed for the event.
9: A naked women that is laying on a bed.
9: Families with strollers in a park with trees in blossom and kites flying in the air.
9: A man and woman cutting into a wedding cake.
9: A person directing a white jet airliner with orange sticks.
9: This old wooden fishing boat appears to be permanently dry docked.
9: a bunch of food is on a table together
9: A boy playing a game with a remote controller.
9: a person sitting in front of a computer monitor looking at their cellphone
9: People getting onto a stadium bus on a sunny day
9: Somebody left a lap top plugged into the wall on a bench. 
9: Two small dogs stand together in a bathroom.
9: A tray of salad and a tray of salad toppings to the side.
9: A busted up refrigerator in front of a wall.
9: It looks like the cat is trying to open the luggage.
9: An old, weather-beaten house with its windows boarded up. 
9: The old man blows the candle while the woman is holding the cake.
9: A man and a woman with nametags are smiling.
9: A man playing tennis near an apartment complex
9: A small child standing next to a blue and white train.
9: A bridge,a bench and lots of trees and branches.
9: there is a small speed boat going down the river
9: A man surfs the waves on his surfboard
9: Two sheep grazing in a field of green.
9: A plate of Asian breakfast foods at a restaurant 
9: Empty city intersection in the early morning hours.
9: an orange double decker bus parked in a parking lot
9: A group of people getting on a red train. 
9: People are walking along a number of busses in a station.
9: A plethora of teddy bears in a  blue bucket
9: The old time fire engine joining the parade.
9: A knife and fork on a plate of pizza topped with arugula.
9: A rotten banana in a small chair with a little radio.
9: lots of boats tied up at the dock with one man standing by one
9: A young man dressed in black with a blue tie.
9: A kite laying on the ground surrounded by people.
9: A man and a woman stand under an umbrella.
9: A motorcycle police officer is writing a ticket.
9: A nice looking living room with a TV on the wall.
9: A lady is being helped up the bank and out of the water.
9: a pasta dish with colorful vegtables on white plate
9: A skateboarder is in mid air with graffiti in the background.
9: A man and child are giving a thumbs up sign in the snow. 
9: A close up of wine glasses filled with red wine. 
9: A small electric oven with a tray inside
9: A person holding up a piece sign holding food in the other hand.
9: white row boat propped up on crowded beach

9: A group of kids seated on the floor with cello-tape and other items 
9: a black and white dog and a yellow frisbee and trees
9: An old bathroom with peeling paint on the walls and lots of toiletries scattered around.
9: A young child holding an adults hand wearing rain boots and carrying an umbrella
9: A ski racer skiing through a course marked by poles.
9: A bunch of boats that are sitting in the water.
9: A zebra leaned over eating grass with giraffe standing in the background.
9: Someone is holding a Swiss Army Blade Knife with all of the tools pulled out.
9: The back tire of an old style motorcycle is resting in a metal stand. 
9: a big grizzly bear looks toward the camersa
9: a little zebra eating grass next to two bigger zebras
9: The guys on the motorcycles are going slowly.
9: A red train riding down a track in the middle of a station.
9: A very tall clock tower with a  clock on each of it's sides.
9: The TV has two men merged together on it.
9: Image of a bathroom with a toilet, sink and tiled tub visible.
9: A cat in a tie sits on the couch. 
9: Many zebra amble about within an enclosure under a bright sun.
9: Bushels of bananas and gourds hang on a fence
9: A bunch of vespas , a car and gas signs
9: a home made birthday card with a black chicken on it
9: Siblings playing video games on the floor at Dad's feet
9: A man sitting on a bench in the shade reading a book.
9: A pizza with ham and a vegetable pasting on it while in a oven.
9: A small bird standing on a tree branch.
9: This is a closeup of a brown cake with white frosting.
9: A cat resting in the top of a palm tree on a clear day.
9: A person pushing a button on a television.
9: A row of train colors of various colors next to trees.
9: A couple of people standing on a beach flying a kite.
9: a couple of cars  outside by some trees
9: A tall giraffe standing next to a tree on a grassy field.
9: A child wearing a helmet, knee pads and elbow pads, with one foot on a skateboard. 
9: A woman smiles as she talks on a cell phone.
9: A  young baseball player throwing out a pitch
9: A Indian women lays on a pillow on the bare floor.
9: a man sitting on a cement bench holding a cell phone
9: A man in grey shirt next to dying flowers.
9: A white sink and toilet in a room.
9: some kind of bread that is on a pan
9: A large group of people at a table in a room.
9: A woman and girl standing with luggage and giving a peace sign.
9: A policeman on a horse is standing across the street from a building.
9: A two story building with a green street sign in front of it.
9: A large animal is shown laying in a barren area.
9: The man is getting ready for the pitcher to throw the ball.
9: Outdoor impromptu bar scene on wooden bench, ice coolers, blender, bottles and several other items, appearing very crowded. 
9: The bathroom has a pink tub and pink toilet.
9: A small asian girl holding a red umbrella.
9: A baby is sitting in a bath with a toothbrush it its mouth.
9: Folded towels are on the shelf underneath the bathroom sink. 
9: A baby giraffe that is under an adult giraffe.
9: A crowd holds up umbrellas and phones at a concert.  
9: A wooden skateboard ramp with a person at the top of the ramp with a skateboard at his feet and other people around the ramp.
9: A street sign on the side of a lot next to a building.
9: A group of cows with an alert look sitting in a field.
9: Two people riding on the back of a large elephant.
9: A person standing in a boat on the water
9: Cars make their way down the street by an old clock tower and other older buildings.
9: The intersection of a street with some brightly colored buildings in the background.
9: Young man performing skateboard maneuvers at a skate park.
9: A cat on a porch looking at it's reflection. 
9: A cup of coffee, donut and backpack atop a wooden table.
9: A group of friends riding a subway while using cell phones.
9: A large brick clock tower stands high above the trees.
9: Two black elephants seem somewhat distant near the small lake. 
9: A zebra running in the grass on a sunny day. 
9: A picture of some fruit on a table.
9: Stop sign in front of white government building with cupola.
9: Some plates filled with some tasty looking food.
9: A nice living room has chairs and a love seat.
9: The action in a baseball game is in full swing.
9: A person riding a motorcycle on a roadway.
9: A child testing the air flow of a hair dryer.
9: Light from a window shines on a bathtub and sink.
9: A chef is leaning on his counter with green jars on it. 
9: A very nice view of the ocean with an orange frisbee. 
9: A whole pizza with large slices of tomatoes on top.
9: A large building on a beach with umbrellas.
9: a bunch of kites that are being flown in the sky
9: a group of people sit around a table 
9: A bear that is standing next to some rocks.
9: A wall with several different clocks on it, in both traditional and modern styles
9: THERE ARE A LOT OF SHEEPS ON THE GRASS EATING
9: A young boy eating a pizza at a table.
9: An old VW Bug standing at a stop sign.
9: A person skis down a snowy hill. 
9: A black and green tile bathroom with a black toilet and a yellow bucket on the floor.
9: A lady in action on the bowling alley.
9: A person and a fuzzy dog sitting on a bed.
9: A cluttered desk area with several computers, monitors and other computer equipment.
9: A red, white and blue plane flies through the air.
9: A pizza is covered with an assortment of toppings.
9: An airplane sitting at a cold runway being unloaded.
9: A man taking a picture on his cell phone in the snowy woods.
9: Poorly lit interior shot of a laptop on a sofa with an ottoman opposite a lamp.
9: There is a display of different kinds of fruit
9: Two elephants, with tusks, in a grassy field.
9: A fire hydrant is on the side of the street
9: View of bananas freshly growing on the banana tree
9: There is a very large cake with fondant decoration
9: The man is driving his car on the highway during the day.
9: Two kites flying in a blue sky side by side.
9: A group of young women play soccer on a field.
9: A baseball player at bat, swinging at a pitch.
9: Many boats float down the water in between the buildings.
9: Two little girls standing next to each other making pizza.
9: A street scene with the city bus going by.
9: A jetliner flying against a blue sky with clouds
9: The man is speaking at a meeting in a conference room.
9: A laptop computer is sitting on a desk.
9: Three men standing outside in the grass with a beer.
9: A beach area with umbrellas and people by shore.
9: A cow is standing in a stream on a farm. 
9: Commuters waiting at a train station with a clock and digital information screens.
9: a man that is taking a picture of a guy on a phone
9: A couple of youngsters are playing in the water. 
9: There is a little zebra turning his head.
9: The kitchen has wood cabinetry and granite counters
9: A large group of people are on motorcycles.
9: A yellow school bus sitting at an intersection.
9: A girl playing with a controller for the game system Wii.
9: A large clock and a lamp in a room.
9: A passenger train is passing a single old train car parked on another track.
9: A person walks many dogs on a bike. 
9: a whole bunch of billboards and signs on the side of the street 
9: A red fire hydrant on the side of the street.
9: Two men are seated at the table with their laptops.
9: A closeup of a toothbrush, dental floss, and Aveeno daily scrub sitting next to a sink 
9: A cat sitting on top of a parked motorcycle.
9: Person high up in the air doing ski tricks
9: A small boy in cap and trunks stands on a surfboard on a beach.
9: A kitten is laying on a green throw pillow.
9: A box filled with lots of different flavored donuts.
9: A BROWNIE CAKE PENGUIN  HALF EATEN WITH A CAP THAT HAS A PENGUIN ON IT
9: A bunch of baseball player sin a field playing games
9: A pitcher throwing a ball in a baseball field.
9: A giraffe standing near several trees in a fenced in area.
9: A closeup picture of the face of a zebra.
9: an old woman smiling in the corner of a kitchen
9: In the town of Haxtun, a large clock is attached to a wall.
9: Green and white bus on an otherwise empty street.
9: a black and brown dog sitting in a window sill
9: a person riding a zebra while wearing a cowboy hat in the street.
9: A baseball player standing on a baseball field.
9: A man holding a surfboard on the beach with his dog. 
9: A tennis player crouches low as he waits for the ball to come across the net. 
9: A decorative vase placed near oriental wall scrolls.
9: a man is biting down on something a making a face
9: a number of fruits in plastic crates 
9: a dog sitting on a chair next to a shed 
9: A man on a bench is covered with birds.
9: Someone is stepping on a skateboard to tilt it up on top of a ramp.
9: A group of people working on their computers.
9: a sand castle in the shape of an elephant 
9: A bicycle with flower pots on a house boat.
9: An old television is sitting on a sandy beach.
9:  a living room with  lot of chairs and couches in it 
9: A bathroom area with a toilet, sink and window.
9: Two young children are brushing their teeth in the bathroom.
9: A man holding a blue frisbee bending over into a lake.
9: A muscular man surfing a large wave. 
9: A dining room with a table covered by a tablecloth.
9: A brown dog on a leash following another dog.
9: Cat sitting on wooden cutting board with knife.
9: A dog is walking on the front of a boat.
9: A pile of luggage sitting on the ground at an airport.
9: A very messy room with cloths all over it.
9: There is a tuxedo cat standing on a toilet seat
9: A cooked pizza that is placed on a plate.
9: Two legs of a person with a suitcase on a ceramic floor. 
9: Many books are piled high like a tornado.
9: A dog with shoes on walking down a path in the winter.
9: People with luggage are turned around and smiling.
9: This bathroom has a round shape and a few stalls
9: The man in red shirt and white shorts stand holding racquet on the tennis court.
9: Kites are flying over people on a beach.
9: A police officer is riding a motorcycle down the street.
9: A bridge and groom are cutting the cake.
9: A man walking in the street with a herd of cows.
9: Surfers are in the ocean near a sandy beach.
9: Clusters of small ripe bananas hanging in a store.
9: A man with a ring cutting carrots on a board
9: A giraffe walking near a tree with very few leaves.
9: A group of dogs is playing by a stream.
9: Chicken and vegetables with rice in a bowl.
9: a small child at a park putting a cellular phone to her mouth
9: A light brown cat poking his head outside of a leather purse.
9: a delicious cheese pizza resting on a wooden board. 
9: A freightliner train is pulling into a station. 
9: A cute giraffe is next to a feeding box.
9: Four people sitting at a table together. 
9: Two airplanes flying in the sky above a black bridge.
9: An electronic device on a table next to a lamp. 
9: A group of people who are flying kites in a field.
9: a close up of a street sign with leaves and a sky background
9: a cat that is laying down looking at a mouse
9: A man sitting on a toilet in someone's house. 
9: a train with grafitti sitting on the tracks
9: Man and black shorts and black shirt swinging tennis racket on the court. 
9: Two people are walking with ski poles in the snow.
9: A tub and and sink in a bathroom.
9: Tiered wedding cake decorated with ribbon and daisies
9: Two tooth brushes are in a holder with dental floss
9: A woman that is standing in the snow with a snowboard.
9: A large clock on the front of  a bell tower.

9: a black and white clock a tree and a building
9: an add ridden street in a city with cars
9: A cat lies in a pedistil style bathroom sink
9: a table filled with a large pizza and a bowl of food 
9: two boxes of donuts sitting on a table 
9: An elephant trumpets while a person rides on its back.
9: White sink next to a white toilet with a black seat
9: Three red double decker buses behind a gray fence.
9: a big water way with some boats inside of it 
9: A white clock hanging off the side of a building.
9: a big kite that is flying in the sky with a airplane above it
9: A stop sign is hanging on the edge of someone's yard.
9: A racing motorcyclist in full speed in a race.
9: Two hot dot with ketchup and onions on it are on a plate with tomatoes and lettuce. 
9: Part of a docked boat is full of bananas. 
9: A large combination pizza with two pieces gone.
9: A bird looking for food on a rocky shore.
9: A black and white image of a steer standing next to a stone wall in a pasture.
9: A giraffe is next to a tree with another animal.
9: A plate filled with three different types of foods. 
9: Small sized train running down the train tracks.
9: A large army transport truck parked on a field.
9: A man has stick, which is holding some bread, between his fingers.
9: a man is standing under a umbrella with a frisbee
9: a very big bus moving on the street with people in
9: a table full of various plates of food
9: A bull reaching over a fence row to ear leaves.
9: A CHILD IS POSING FOR A PICTURE WITH HER FRISBE
9: A man on a surfboard in front of a small wave.
9: a laptop and three cellphones on a yellow table
9: Park bench near concrete on side of park
9: A child climbed on a fridge when its open.
9: A group of people at the beach flying kites 
9: A batter swings at the ball at a baseball game.
9: A red clock tower towering over a lush green park.
9: A PERSON IS STIING ON A COUCH WATCHING TV
9: A picture of the handle bars on a motorcycle. 
9: A one-cart train coming down the railroad tracks.
9: a table filled with cups and a vase with flowers in the middle 
9: Various signs written in either Chinese or Japanese and also a sign of a man walking across a street.
9: A man holds a clock and an umbrella over a scripted background.
9: A boy smiles while holding a pot and spoon.
9: A school bus sits in a parking lot with other cars.
9: a kitchen with a oven and table inside of it 
9: Light comes through a window of a living room with sofa and chair.
9: A bottle of water is sitting on a green bench. 
9: A group of children on horses riding in a field.
9: a bowl of broccoli soup and some pieced of toast
9: A television with the reflection of a woman at a table.
9: A man that is standing up with a kite.
9: A man sitting over a bench overlooking a vista.
9: A bathroom has a toilet, sink, and shower in it.
9: A man playing tennis swinging a racket with a green backdrop behind.
9: The analog clock face has ornate hands and roman numerals.
9: A man in a white business shirt wearing a red tie. 
9: A living room with a laptop setup on a table next to a couch.
9: A sandwich on a plate and a cup and saucer on a table.
9: A brown dog chasing a frisbee in a field
9: Two colorful, large kites fly over the ocean.
9: The train is going down the railroad tracks. 
9: A English muffin sandwich has a single bit in it. 
9: a dog wearing a scarf and shirt on a leash
9: a man is holding something next to a motorcycle
9: person walking on a beach carrying a camera bag
9: Surfer in a wetsuit just beginning to pull into a wave.
9: a man holding a bone like sculpture and smiling 
9: A man holding a tennis racket is holding up his hand.
9: Four different sized vases decorated with various sized butterflys.
9: A couple of very small cute kids in the rest room.
9: A woman stands next to a commercial freezer.
9: A woman wearing purple glasses and holding a racquet.
9: Room with cramped quarters holding dining table set and extra chairs.
9: A young man in front of a graffiti covered wall does a skateboard trick.
9: a close up of a red and black train on the track
9: a bathroom view of a tiled floor and toilet with a stand up shower
9: A zebra that is walking in an enclosure.
9: The cat sits looking the other way as the pigeons congregate.
9: Young boys are playing with a flying disc in a field of grass.
9: The hotdogs and the fries are covered in chilli.
9: There is a bed with white sheets and pillows layer on it
9: Twp elephants with their trunks together within a fenced area.
9: A man sitting in a vendor booth with bananas and food hanging by hooks. 
9: Two men holding up their beers, on the side of a street.
9: A man on his motorcycle next to a beautiful scene. 
9: Rooster walking outside on the sand dunes at the beach.
9: A man and a woman playing a game on a WI.
9: A dead animal laying inside of a brief case next to a shoe.
9: The man is holding paper over the toilet.
9: a person sitting on a bench next to a canyon and water.
9: A dog wearing a collar looking out the window of a car.
9: A large body of water with boats in the docks
9: A patio with many chairs and a few tables.
9: A cat is sleeping in a chair with its leg curled around its head. 
9: Three people pose for the camera while holding a pizza.
9: The bathroom door is open with the light on.
9: A red delivery truck riding down a wet street at night.
9: The Asian girls are sharing conversation under a parasol.
9: A cat that is sitting on a bed near a laptop.
9: A bird flies in front of a twin engine aircraft.
9: PARASAILERS HAVING FUN IN AN OCEAN WITH WAVES
9: Several elephants are seen out and about in the wilderness.
9: A road sign that says road work has ended
9: A compilation of pictures of old bathroom fixtures.
9: A person lying on a couch with a cup on the table
9: A ferry crossing a river outside of a city.
9: The person is grabbing a multi-colored sticky note.
9: A modern passenger train pulling into a primitive station. 
9: Old woman rowing a boat with a dog
9: An old fashioned payphone on a sidewalk on a street
9: People walking pass a horse drawn carriage sitting at the curb
9: A person in a wetsuit, walking on a dirt path and carrying a surfboard
9: The man wearing a baseball glove is throwing a baseball.
9: a man riding a surfboard under the swell of a wave 
9: A male standing up with a Wii remote control strapped on his hand.
9: some kids playing with some large checkerboards painted on the ground 
9: A large bathtub with candles lighting the area.
9: A young woman standing in a living room next to a boy.
9: Bikes parked side by side with lots of green bananas on them.
9: Two people in Swarthmore College sweatshirts are playing frisbee.
9: A large pizza and a cell phone on a wooden table.
9: A cat laying on the top of a television with one of it's legs hanging down over the screen.
9: This is a picture of many different types of vegetables.
9: A brown teddy bear has a red bow on it's neck.
9: Seared steaks in a metal pan garnished with parsley
9: A group of oranges on plates in front of Oriental Statues.
9: A cake decorated with real flowers on a cake stand.
9: A snow shovel is attached to the front of a truck.
9: A painting shows two bear cubs playing in the snow next to their mother. 
9: Hand holding a hotdog with another on a blue plate.
9: A dinner plate with food carefully arranged around the rim and in the center of the plate.
9: two finely dressed stuffed teddy bears sitting on top of a black mantle next to photos.
9: A lot of people riding boards on top of a wave.
9: A giraffe is drining water at the drinking pond
9: A lively woman smiles and holds her hands up next to two men while seated in a kitchen.
9: A white bed topped with lots of pillows and a wooden headboard.
9: A ski jump is attempted on a ski slope. 
9: A man who is in some water on his snowboard.
9: A cat is staring while sitting in a sink.
9: A white van parked on the side of a road.
9: A woman standing with her hands on he sides.
9: A horse stands while carrying a cart of people
9: A man riding on top of an elephant on the street. 
9: A three wheeled motorcycle is parked in front of a building.
9: A broken toilet bowl with  a Hello Kitty toilet seat cover.
9: A suitcase full of items open in front of a wall.
9: Two lean up against a monster truck decorated with streamers. 
9: a stop sighn in a grass feild next to a road. 
9: A bathroom that is brown with toilet and toilet paper on counter.
9: A man and woman posing with tennis rackets
9: A fully stocked super clean white refrigerator with a bottom freezer.
9: A white plane flies in the cloudy sky.
9: A buildig with windows near trees and rocks.
9: An old framed black and white photo of a man in a suit expressionless. 
9: A bunch of seats that are inside of a church.
9: The underside of a large flying bird, with an orange and mauve background.
9: some people are rowing in a boat together
9: A cat that has a  little hat on his head.
9: The black and white bird is perched on a branch.
9: Two old trucks with graffiti sit by blue trash cans.
9: A woman holding a cell phone in hand outside.
9: Bird standing on shore with looking to camera
9: Shirtless skateboarder on the top of a concrete course. 
9: A plate with chicken fried steak with gravy, mashed potatoes and vegetables.
9: Two people with an umbrella are walking on the beach.
9: A man sitting next to a woman on a couch.
9: A white toilet sitting next to two other toilets in a large mostly empty room.
9: a group of people that are next to a wagon
9: A messy desk with two computer keyboards, a computer monitor, CD covers and a large TV.
9: A neat, wood filled kitchen is photographed as if for a real estate ad.
9: An intersection with a red traffic light and a vehicle.
9: a couple of people sit on a beach together 
9: A group of people standing next to each other on top of a snow covered ground.
9: View of single chair in front of flat panel tv by the window.
9: a polar bear walking around on the snow 
9: An item is capture here in the photo. 

9: Young boy in baseball uniform covering the infield.
9: A made up bed in a well decorated room with art pieces on the wall.
9: a kitchen with a dishwasher double door panty and a back door
9: a baseball player holding a bat blowing a bubble
9: Male skateboarder doing aerial trick on bricked outdoor area.
9: Professional athlete preparing to take swing at ball during game.
9: Several tagged cows staring in the same direction.
9: A sandwich sitting in a red basket cut in half
9: A round wooden table features green lettuces and radishes.
9: An elephant walking through a lake near land. 
9: A boy and girl fixing a home made pizza at a counter.
9: A person racing on a motorcycle on a dirt track.
9: a train on a train track with mountains in the background
9: A woman stands in a small kitchenette area.
9: A train driving down the tracks out side with the sky above it.
9: a desk with a laptop a key board and mouse
9: Someone holding a laptop and a cord in their hand outside.
9: Four girls are running after a soccer ball.
9: A man wearing brown pants holds a white surfboard.
9: Picture of an exterior place that looks wonderful.

9: people sitting around a table while using their laptops 
9: A table filled with dishes such as meat on a stick, pizza and salad.
9: A cat on a chair holding a remote control.
9: a tennis player getting ready to swing a racket
9: Three people at a table waiting to eat some food.
9: A train is crossing a metal bridge over a river. 
9: A boy sits on a bicycle in a flooded street.
9: A chrome oven is on with trays in it.
9: an electric stove with a covered pot in it 
9: A boy in a barn with several cows and calfs.
9: A person is laying on the bathroom floor in front of toilet.
9: a kitchen area with a dutch oven and a stove.
9: A clock is seen at the top of a very tall building.
9: An overhead view of a park bench in the grass
9: a close up of a polar bear drinking water
9: A table is full of food in bowls and boxes.
9: A beautiful bathroom sink with a person taking a photo in the mirror.
9: A parking lot with many large purple buses.
9: Very closeup view of zebras emphasizing their stripes.
9: Cat sitting on a computer desk with two computers.
9: A toy train is pulling into a station.
9: A young girl sitting in her bed smiling
9: A man sitting on top of a blue bench.
9: A small brown colored bear on a path in a wooded area with trees and grass.
9: A donut has a lego man standing on it.
9: A woman about to catch a Frisbee at a camp ground.
9: A tall giraffe standing on a  dirty covered field
9: A close up of a black and yellow fire hydrant.
9: a wooden bench on a small tiled paved area next to shrubbery and grass.
9: A group of people having a picnic on the beach.
9: A street filled with cars, a bus, and a motorcycle. 
9: A girl wearing white shorts walks across train tracks while holding an umbrella above herself
9: A bottle of barley wine and a glass full of it sit on a bar. 
9: An airplane is parked in the middle of a sandy runway.
9: A teddy bear sitting in a fake bath tub with a rubber ducky.
9: A clock tower stands on the side of two streets. 
9: A baby sits in his highchair and looks at a decorated birthday cake.
9: A tennis player wears a Nike outfit at a game.
9: A man sitting a desk in front of a TV.
9: A bog in the grass holding a Frisbee in his mouth.
9: A topless man riding  a surfboard on a wave
9: A group of men are drinking wine near wine barrels.  
9: A cat laying in a basket and a mirror in a room.
9: Three people are walking in a grassy field past a cow.
9: A building with a large clock and bells.
9: A beer bottle is next to benches as a man wades in the ocean.
9: The large colorful flowers are purple, yellow, and pink.
9: Kids taking turns in the pool walking on surf boards.
9: A person s walking down a dark alley way carrying his skateboard.
9: A fancy clock that reads, "The Brown Palace Hotel Denver".
9: A boardwalk near a waterway at a boat dock.
9: A woman in a wet suit carrying a surf board into the waves.
9: Kitchen with wooden cabinets and a white microwave. 
9: a close up of a sotp sign and a street sign
9: A man with glasses on holding a cell phone up.
9: The two black dogs are playing frisbee together.
9: a long airplane taking off in the sky
9: A man with a small child holding a kite
9: Boys are playing a soccer game on a field.
9: A backpack and suitcases sitting on the floor and a table. 
9: a cat laying on a laptop on a desk
9: There are people near the train stations in the train port
9: A train station with an eagle statue at the top. 
9: A man at the airport with a mountain of luggage
9: A man is driving a short train or trolley.
9: A man wearing a white shirt and a black bow tie standing in a room.
9: A small car sits parked in front of a scooter. 
9: A cat sitting on top of a televsion,
9: Several zebras that are walking along a dirt path.
9: Three giraffes stand near a pile of tree trunks. 
9: a bunch of veggies are inn a pot
9: A man sitting Ina wheelchair while opening up a stove.
9: A group of people are sitting around a table drinking.
9: A zebra and a young deer grazing in the grass together
9: A woman riding on the back of a motorcycle.
9: A beautiful view of a kitchen and living room is displayed.
9: A large pizza topped with meat and tomatoes served on a wooden board.
9: A student's computer desk is well organized with supplies. 
9: Two young women from opposing teams tangle while going for a soccer ball.
9: Woman on a city street has her photo taken while holding a bilingual sign. 
9: a woman is jumping on a white bed
9: A herd of zebra standing on top of a lush green field.
9: a little girl is playing with several soccer balls
9: A claw foot tub is in a large bathroom near a pedestal sink.
9: A couple of zebras that are feeding on grass.
9: A man wears gloves as he installs a toilet.
9: Stack of hard sided luggage in a retail store.
9: A skate park with several children playing on skateboards
9: a bus sitting at a bus stop in the street.
9: Sheep graze in the green pasture on a nice day.
9: A man runs with a ball in his hands.
9: A giraffe blinks in an enclosure surrounded by grass. 
9: A man dressed as a clown talking on his phone.
9: That is using physical motions to play the video game.
9: A group of cows stand and lay within a field.
9: A man rides a brown horse near a red and white barrel.
9: A cat sitting on a chair in a bedroom.
9: A group of pictures put together to depict a road in a desert with signs.
9: Many electronics, cords, and wires are arranged on the desk.
9: Three people at an event of some kind
9: A man standing wearing black pants, black shirt and purple tie.
9: a smiling family posing together for a photo
9: The horse is carrying a person dressed in uniform attire.
9: A brown tabby cat is laying next to a keyboard.
9: An white airplane taking off of a runway.
9: a guy doing a trick on his skateboard.
9: A woman riding a horse through the lake.
9: A payphone with a blue sign on top is in a parking lot.
9: Two horses are in the grass tied up.
9: A woman swings at a tennis ball standing on a tennis court in the middle of a city. 
9: A woman in glasses is taking a bite of a seemingly messy sandwich.  
9: A girl is sitting inside of a suitcase
9: A man is riding a wave as he surfs in the ocean.
9: A chicken is standing under a bench in a park.
9: A one way sign with a yellow blinking light on top.
9: A bowl of soup with a drink and a plate of bread.
9: A single horse that is standing by a fence.
9: A double decker bus that has a load of people on top and an advertisement on the side.
9: A group of swimmers floating in choppy waters. 
9: A woman throwing a tennis ball in the air and a racket it her other hand. 
9: Two men in a living room play there wii .
9: an image of chocolate cupcakes on a counter
9: a group of people walking in the snow on skis
9: The old man surfing on the rough seas isn't the least bit afraid
9: A toddler is laying down playing in the water.  
9: a bowl of bananas and a bowl of apples in a kitchen
9: A cart filled with different boxes of luggage.
9: there is a large tower with a clock on it
9: A picture of a room with a big mirror.
9: A cat peeking out from inside a closed suitcase.
9: Three white trays on a countertop containing various types of food.
9: A man smiling while standing in front of a woman with a piece of cake. 
9: A group of kids that are playing soccer on a field.
9: A dog chasing after a purple frisbee on top of a green lawn.
9: A building and boat near  a large group of trees.
9: A man and woman taking pictures at the edge of a canyon.
9: A bowl containing powdered sugar topped with a fruit syrup.
9: Cup of coffee on the desk in front of keyboard
9: two giraffes standing near a bunch of people with cameras
9: Large living area of home with decorations and furniture and stone fireplace.
9: A man giving a thumbs up while holding his surfboard
9: Shot of a blue suitcase with various zippers and handles.
9: A microwave oven with a yellow note on the door.
9: Two side by side oranges with one cut in half.
9: A youth on a skateboard making a jump in a skate park.
9: A street scene with people crossing a street holding umbrellas. 
9: A  young boy riding a skateboard in the rain
9: A group of people holding a large pair of scissors to a ribbon.
9: some people walking on an orange carpet and a policeman 
9: A passenger trains speeding through the city on a train track.
9: A plane flies through the sky at an angle. 
9: Two dogs in a grassy field are vying for a frisbee.
9: A laptop has some sort of protection program running. 
9: A sink with soap and lotion for use.
9: A bus drives on a paved road with markings.
9: Giraffe kneeling on dirt near wire fence near tropical plants.
9: A group of men on a baseball field giving each other high fives.
9: man on skateboard jumps over platform in skate park
9: A bathroom with a single sink vanity and white porcelain toilet.
9: a street sign with a large tower behind it with a clock built into the side
9: A living room with floral patterned walls and chairs.
9: a person that is skiing down a snowy hill
9: a person looking at the waves ready to surf
9: Two planes sit together on the grass. 
9: A man holds many layers of a toilet seat in a tiled bathroom.
9: A bathroom has a toilet and a scale.
9: A brown and black dog sniffing the straps of stiletto heels.
9: A table topped with lots of plates of food.
9: The light colored dog is sleeping on the couch.
9: a double parking meter that is painted 
9: A sign displays "stop" on the front of a refrigerator.
9: A sandwich with lettuce and tomatoes on a table.
9: A long food preparation counter in a commercial kitchen.
9: A child's hands holding a fresh orange with a leaf and twig attached
9: A woman walks her dog on a city sidewalk.
9: Many people at a table surround a cake. 
9: A view from the outside of a window of a building 
9: A building set with wrought iron bars on the windows.
9: A picture of a bathroom in a well lit area. 
9: A bed that is unmade with a pillow on it.
9: a vast, grassy field with animals in the distance
9: A child eating a doughnut with cereal topping.
9: Cinnamon rolls sitting on a pan in the oven. 
9: A bird with red eyes is sitting on a tree branch.
9: A surfboard and paddle on the beach with calm waves
9: A train traveling over a wooden bridge with people hanging out of the windows.
9: Many people are kite surfing with different colored kites.
9: A teddy bear and a sock monkey stuffed animal on a bed.
9: An airplane taking off from the airport. 
9: This is a birthday party for one of these people.
9: A person dressed up as a chef cooking.
9: A group of zebra sculptures are displayed in the grass.
9: A kitchen with a microwave, stove, cutlery and fruits. 
9: some sandwiches and fries on a black plate
9: a small bus makes its way down a track
9: A large elephant laying down in a  field surrounded by grass.
9: Man on steps with tray of grilled hot dogs on buns. 
9: THERE ARE DIFFERENT KITES FLYING IN THE SKY
9: some snow skiers one in a blue jacket the other white
9: A man with a cellphone standing in front of dancers.
9: A gigantic black bear roams around with his head hanging low. 
9: A person wearing skis jumping in the air.
9: A green room with colorful furnishings and white floors.
9: Adult and a baby zebra walking around on a dirt ground.
9: A close up of a black and white teddy bear sitting on a bench.
9: A cow appears to be walking on water in front of a wooded area
9: The jazz band is taking part in a parade.
9: a close up of food being cooked in a pan
9: a set of antique kitchen equipment outside. 
9: A cluster of old buildings rises above a shaded table.
9: A bunch of goats standing on a podium
9: a person sitting at a table with plates and food items
9: A man and woman holding a knife together cutting a cake that sits on a table.
9: Man riding a train looking out of a window.
9: a person jumping a skateboard in the air
9: Several people flying colorful kites on a beach.
9: A sink and a mirror in someones bathroom.
9: Two people are sitting on a couch while eating pizza.
9: A man in a baseball uniform standing on a mound of a field.
9: Kids in helmets are outside on a skateboard.
9: A BASEBALL PLAYER IN RED AND WHITE PLAYING A GAME 
9: Three different personal pizzas are on this table.
9: A teddy bear sitting on a chair inside a room. 
9: Group of people taking photos at a dog show together. 
9: Two women in the calm water on paddle boards and wearing wet suits.
9: a desk covered with paperwork and a laptop 
9: Giraffes out in the wild near trees 
9: Five men in formal wear, standing around a podium.
9: A view of a bunch of trash with a toilet next to it.
9: A small child sitting on the floor holding a cell phone.
9: A nice touring motorcycle is parked on asphault
9: there is a man jumping in the air on a snow board.
9: A giraffe walking in a fenced enclosure with grass and rocks.
9: A crowd of adults and children are at a park.
9: two people standing near a table cutting a cake 
9: A multiple colored plane flying in the air
9: Two suitcases sitting on top of a dark wooden pedestal.
9: A man carrying a surfboard across a sandy beach.
9: A woman tennis player hitting a tennis ball.
9: A man is action on a brown tennis court.
9: A blue and white street sign next to building on lamppost.
9: A lady wrestling a dog for a frisbee in the yard.
9: Snowboarder jumping over a street with a backdrop of trees.
9: A tiny space shows a small half bathroom and part of a bedroom.
9: A herd of cows grazes on a grassy field.
9: The food is on the table and ready to be eaten.
9: A yellow street sign with a little man holding a lolly pop.
9: A man with his dog on a leash talking to another man
9: A man tossing a tennis ball and swinging a tennis racket at it.
9: Several women seated at a table with a cake.
9: there is a large plane about to land at the airport
9: A picture of some boats and cityscape on a cloudy day.
9: A man doing a trick on a skateboard off of a ramp.
9: The two people are amazed at the features of the video recorder.
9: A man is surfing on a small wave.
9: A clock stands in front of an overcast sky. 
9: Three blue airplanes lined up on a run way
9: A plate of food is pictured on a table, with another person sitting opposite.
9: A table full of an assortment of foods and glasses.
9: The lady has her tennis racket  aimed at the ball in the air. 
9: someone holding a plate with a piece of cake on it
9: An old building, a sidewalk with weeds, and a red fire hydrant.
9: A train pulling out of a train station next to a street.
9: a man and woman play with a small child 
9: A close up a plate filled with a variety of chocolate desserts 
9: People in a square near a small clock tower.
9: People using umbrellas and wooden boats in the water. 
9: A girl on a couch with a video game remote in her hand. 
9: A skier skiing downhill on a rocky edge.
9: A golden colored dog sits by a chair.
9: A sign for Harriet Tubman Elementary in a fenced-in area near the corner of a street.
9: A surfer crouches on the board while riding the crest of a wave. 
9: A yellow sporty jeep is on an indoor display.
9: A person throwing a baseball onto the field
9: A chocolate cake with a label on the top of it.
9: Man pouring into blender in kitchen with steel
9: A motorcycle frame that has been made in to a tricycle. 
9: A line of motorcycles backed in and parked in a line at the edge of a sidewalk.
9: An auto part for a vehicle that needs repaired. 
9: A stop sign, one way sign, no parking and street sign.
9: Several cars wait to turn at an intersection
9: A white horse and a white llama in a grassy field. 
9: a close up of a person on a horse with a child on a horse 
9: a man with no shirt on uses a cell phone 
9: Many zebras and other animals stand in a field. 
9: A group of Frisbee players are running around a field. 
9: A bowl of brocolli on a cutting board.
9: two cats chill in the bathtub one is laying down
9: Business class carriage of an Italian train at the station
9: A man holding up a hair dryer toward clothes.
9: A tennis player is preparing to serve a ball during a match.
9: A table at a restaurant has a sandwich and soup in white dishes.
9: A bowl filled with carrots, bananas, and assorted food.
9: a room filled with colorful umbrellas with people gazing at thme
9: A construction zone is visible through a windshield.
9: A kitchen sink in a house that is under construction.
9: A person riding on top of an elephant on the street.  
9: A batter waits for the pitch to be thrown
9: Young man getting to eat a hot dog with other people sitting.
9: four giraffes basking in sunlight of enclosed area
9: a window sign for a closed Vietnamese restaurant 
9: Five people riding surf boards in the waves.
9: a tall red and white clock tower in the middle of a street
9: A photo of a kitchen a with appliances an a bathroom with a toilet 
9: African elephants file through dry grass and shrub growth.
9: A large bus carrying several passengers drives through a busy part of town
9: A young woman holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.
9: Several birds have landed on an ice covered body of water.
9: There are some ski supplies set up on a slope
9: a bathroom with a sink and toilet sitting on some tile
9: a black and white photo of a person in a kitchen preparing food
9: Multiple skiers travelling across a vast expanse of snow covered land towards a mountain.
9: Carrots, apple, and an orange next to a blender with a glass in front. 
9: A railing that overlooks a river and a forest.
9: A man holding a surfboard in one arm.
9: Two different slices of pizza with tissue paper under it on a paper plate.
9: Carrots and other vegetables dirty from the ground 
9: A laptop computer that is on a desk.
9: A man is holding a baseball bat next to a woman.
9: A pizza is on a tin on top of a stove. 
9: A kite flyer stand on a beach with a mountain of trees behind her. 
9: The group of people are getting ready to eat cake.
9: The snowboarder is mid-jump, flying through the air.
9: a zebra and some brown leaves and trees
9: A large group of skiers go up a mountain together.
9: A prize wheel holding various prizes spins behind its glass cage.
9: A town hall with a clock tower is shown.
9: A polar bear wading through a pool with a happy look on its face.
9: A man is holding a banana up to his temple. 
9: A store display of toilets, one being a composting toilet.
9: Beginning surfers take a class together; one stands on his board while the others are lying or kneeling on theirs. 
9: A tamale truck is in a rural city scene.
9: Three elephants are crossing a body of water.
9: a woman watching two people play a wii game with wii motes
9: A bunch of bananas are laying on the table in front of other bananas on a cloth.
9: A open palm hovers above a slice of pizza.  
9: A woman holding a frisbee as a boy reaches out to defend her.
9: a group of people that are under one umbrella
9: A group of campers flying kites outside in the rain.
9: Two people are standing on the beach flying a kite.
9: A boy with his back agaist the wall. 
9: Orange long haired cat lying on blanket next to clear glass bottle.
9: a desk with a keyboard monitor and a cup of pens
9: Three women, a man, and a dog relax on the dock between boats.
9: Someone riding a raft board in the water with their dog. 
9: A young boy is looking at the fruits and vegetables at a market.
9: A train traveling down train tracks in the countryside.
9: A woman with a Pullman bag walks along a cobbled street.
9: A beige tiled bathroom with sinks and soap dispensors.
9: A bunch of people standing together with some umbrellas.
9: Snowboarder going down a slope with trees in the background
9: A light rail going across an old bridge and people are looking out of the window.
9: an image of a living room setting with a coffee table
9: Seagull perched on a post near the water.
9: a park bench in front of a red backdrop
9: A street sign and stop sign near some trees.
9: A large group of people doing different things on a street. 
9: A tennis player runs towards the ball during a match.
9: A man flying a two handled kite during daylight.
9: the people are playing and  jumping for the frisbee
9: A city street at night with a tall tower at the end of a road.
9: A woman showing her phone with others sitting at the table with her.
9: A long train traveling along train tracks near a platform.
9: A boy is playing the white piano is black clothes
9: Living room with tiled floor and wooden ceiling.
9: A teddy bear and a doll placed on the bed
9: a couple of pizzas that are next to each other
9: There is a bear walking across the grass.
9: A tennis player resting on the floor under a hat.
9: a car parked next to a red fire hydrant
9: Lady wearing a red tennis outfit holding a racket and laughing.
9: A hamburger, corn and a hot dog on a plate . 
9: A small toy ship is shown in a clear stream.
9: Some people that are eating some food together.
9: A street corner next to a large tree. 
9: A double decker bus sitting in front of a mountain.
9: A service member trying to console a child.
9: a bus stops to load and unload passengers
9: Food in the middle of preparation, cooking on the stove and oven, in a kitchen.
9: a tall white cake with red flowers on top and some small orange pots
9: The display of carrots is next to yellow lemons. 
9: A person laying down on a sandy beach.
9: an elephant standing on a dirt and grass patch just in front of shrubbery
9: an orange and white cat some grass and a window
9: A person sitting on a court with a tennis racket.
9: a large building made of brick on the corner
9: A big bathroom featuring a sink and toilet
9: Two beds in a room with Japanese styled lighting.
9: A small bathroom with a fabric shower curtain 
9: Woman sitting on bench, reading overlooking fenced pasture.
9: A person is hitting a tennis ball with a tennis racket.
9: A boat sailing in the ocean with windmills in the backround
9: The back of an Apple iPhone with the front on the table.
9: Assorted doughnuts on display on shelves in bakery shop.
9: Black cows are crossing a country road with the mountains in the distance.
9: A close view of red umbrella held up against a fence.
9: Sweet treats sitting on display in the front of the store.
9: A living area with many windows and a bed propped against a wall.
9: Packed luggage ready to go somewhere and in a room.
9: A man sitting on a toilet in front of a large computer monitor.
9: an elderly gentleman is enjoying eating a banana
9: a person in glasses skating very high an another watching
9: A child reading a book, while a cat rests next to her.
9: a cat peeks its head out from behind a couch
9: A woman leans forward before she serves a tennis ball. 
9: A passenger train travels under a building near a station platform.
9: An older woman and two young children sitting on a couch.
9: The friends are on the beach at an early hour.
9: A man with a tennis racket in front of spectators.
9: Two fake zebras are composed of materials and placed on grass. 
9: A pair of dogs looking through a glass barred patio door.
9: A white plate topped wti chicken and a cup of guacamole.
9: A young man with a little hat is wearing a tie.
9: A scenic view in a park with a sidewalk, trees and a body of water.
9: The view of mountains with birds flying in the sky 
9: A person gets ready to throw a base ball
9: There is a sandwich on chibata bread on a white plate.
9: The man on the motorcycle does not have his hands on the handlebars.
9: A man holding on the a parked bus talking to the driver.
9: A person climbing up a snow covered mountain.
9: a bird on a fallen branch in a body of water 
9: A CARGO AIR PLANE IS PARKED ON THE RUNWAY
9: A woman in black sitting on a bench on a cobbled plaza.
9: A persons' hand taking a phone out of their pocket. 
9: Two people practice wake boarding at the water's edge.
9: A group of umbrellas in a market with some people.
9: A person flying a kite in a field in Washington D.C.
9: Two men are on a bicycle and a third is on a scooter.
9: A guy on a snow board jumping a ramp.
9: A pair of orange-handled scissors sits on a black case.
9: Someone who is having a slice of cake at a table. 
9: a group of people some holding umbrellas some not
9: Bride and groom walking under an umbrella held by a woman.
9: A navy man wearing a uniform next to a young beautiful woman.
9: Two roosters walking next to a fence, near a fire hydrant.
9: A photo taken inside a green house with many plants.
9: Rams and goats standing in dirt and grass field.
9: A boy runs as he tries to smack the tennis ball.
9: a guy on a skate board on the corner of a fence post
9: A filed of flowers with a yellow bird there.
9: One tennis racket is place on top of the other one.

9: A fridge with a lot of magnets in a kitchen.
9: a woman standing on a sidewalk while using a cell phone 
9: Two skiers wearing backpacks in a snow storm.
9: A woman rides a white horse through a market.
9: Two horses that are pulling a trailer with a bunch of wooden barrels on it.
9: A person riding a skateboard down a slope.
9: A man wearing a blue shirt, bow tie and a fedora hat.
9: Two giraffes in a beautiful zoo with a large rock shelter
9: A surfer riding a wave on the ocean.
9: A bunch of bananas is displayed on a counter top.
9: A hot dog on a bun has several garnishments.
9: A man stands in front of the video camera 
9: A boy holds a pizza in his hand.
9: a wooden bench sitting on the sidewalk in front of some plants 
9: Couple riding on an elephant in a forest.
9: A man on a tennis court is hitting a ball with a racquet.
9: A man running while on a tennis court.
9: A guy with dreadlocks does an ollie on a skateboard in front of a guy sitting by a building.  
9: A woman in gray jacket standing on skis next to a child in a blue snowsuit.
9: A table cluttered with items including a laptop, papers, books, and a teapot.
9: A man flying a kite at the beach while a child and another adult watch.
9: three yellow  bananas sitting inside of a basket
9: A picture of a cup on the table.
9: A black cat staring at the camera taking the picture.
9: Several plates of food on a table with someone eating it.
9: A cat sits on top of a computer.
9: a giraffe eating from a man made feeder
9: An adult elephant walking in the side view mirror of a car.
9: Girl smiles for picture in busy Asian plaza. 
9: The man in a red hat is listening on his cell phone. 
9: A toilet in a very small enclosure without a door.
9: A woman is screaming on her cell phone.
9: A white plate topped with a burger and fries.
9: A black vase on display with lights in the background.
9: A boy holds his baseball bat in a field.
9: A child laying in bed under a blanket.
9: A person on a surfboard riding a wave.
9: A pizza sitting on a pan next to a plate and silverware.
9: A unique shot of the same baseball player, fixing to throw his pitch. 
9: Three girls in wet suits on a kayak. 
9: A walk in shower next to a white toilet.
9: A four poster bed with pink patterned cover
9: A large metal pan filled with peeled food items.
9: A family in a kitchen preparing food to eat. 
9: a black and white photo of two men in black robes skateboarding.
9: Parasols of different colors hanging from tall trees.
9: A red bus next to a white van on a street.
9: A bus at a bus stop on the street.
9: Two people riding on a moped with a bus in the next lane.
9: A person sitting on a horse in air over gate in grass with people and trees in background.
9: A cat that is standing in the dirt.
9: a train speeding down a track in the city
9: A couple of girls cross country skiing in the countryside.
9: A cup that is holding several toothbrushes in it.
9: A woman is gesturing while sitting on the sidewalk.
9: Someone is living in this studio apartment for one person.
9: A man holding a tennis racquet on a  tennis court.
9: A single surfer is catching a small waves.
9: a black toilet in a wood floored bathroom
9: Women worker looking at rear view mirror smiling
9: kids play with toys in the sun on the beach
9: Numerous grocery items on the counter including some very over ripe bananas
9: a guy holds a bat and put it on a girl's head. 
9: A baseball player standing next to home plate.
9: A plane is flying through the sky on a fairly clear day.
9: two people lay on beds in a hotel room
9: a long necked giraffe raises its head in the sky 
9: A man in a white coat walks a Yak on a grassy lawn
9: A skier goes over a small ski jump on a gentle slope.
9: A stop sign has graffiti on it as it stands on a snowy street.
9: There are giraffes that are standing g yogeter
9: The corner of a bench that has some minor scratches and red paint.
9: deck with lap top computer and desk top
9: A train moving in a city near traffic lights. 
9: A computer desk with two monitors and a laptop.
9: A baseball player running to another base with a baseball bat.
9: Old bus traveling down road, near river and bridge.
9: there is a black lap top next to a desk top
9: An orange stripe cat walking into a potted plant.
9: Man poses for the camera in suit and tie.
9: A fire hydrant is in the snow in front of a house.
9: A group of people at train station next to a blue and yellow trains.
9: A giraffe stands staring at a brick wall.
9: A bottle of wine sitting next to a wine glass
9: A group of men sitting around a table outside.
9: A refrigerator sitting alone on a walkway by a wall.
9: Rows of double decker busses in grassy area next to people.
9: a lit street light with a street sign on it next to a street
9: A baseball player wearing an old fashioned uniform hitting the ball.
9: A brown horse is sniffing a black horse.
9: Large set up of glasses and plates in a kitchen cupboard. 
9: A woman standing next to a man holding a Wii controller.
9: An Asian woman eating by a large window.
9: A fire hydrant beside a burned building in a city.
9: Talk about a bad hair day, his is frightful.
9: A vegetable stand containing carrots and other vegetables.
9: A large number of food in a store 
9: A steeple with a clock showing 1:11 and top of a brown building with spires against a white sky.
9: A young man holding a red tennis racquet.
9: A woman holding an umbrella in front of her while she walks in the rain.
9: Two people are diving to catch a frizbee.
9: A jet is flying in the sky while being photographed
9: furniture shaped like sheep on a open field
9: A plain white bathroom with a cupboard stocked with towels.
9: A view of a snowboarder as they crash into the snowy ground.
9: A little girl standing next to a boat on a beach.
9: a clock tower with two white clocks and some trees
9: a comptuer mouse on a mousepad next to a keyboard
9: Two fake cats are sitting in a window.
9: A young girl who is brushing her teeth with a toothbrush.
9: A white toilet filled with toilet paper inside of a bathroom.
9: A couple of people standing in front of a mirror near a fire hydrant.
9: A train comes flying down the railroad tracks.
9: A man extends his hand out to catch a frisbee.
9: A close up of a plate of food containing a sandwich.
9: a tennis player swinging a racket at a ball
9: a person riding a snow board falling onto their side 
9: A large metal clock on the side of a wall.
9: The tuxedo cat is wearing a gray sweater.
9: A green bench in a grassy field and forest.
9: An old TV and a flat screen TV on a homemade entertainment center.
9: a cow stares as it stands in a muddy area 
9: A polar bear standing on the rocks in its enclosure.
9: Some people playing catch with a stuffed animal in a parking lot.
9: A little girl with a pink umbrella over her head and shoulder.
9: Creme filled pastry and fork on a plate.
9: A mirror and a traffic light on a pole.
9: The fire hydrant sits in front of the grafitti splattered wall.
9: Two birds standing on a bench near the water 
9: A man skiing in the middle of a snowy hill.
9: A giraffe is posing for the camera. 
9: A man and a woman smiling for a picture with a copyright mark across the photo.
9: A pregnant woman holding a black cat with a bunch of bananas on her head.
9: A green light on a street with cars and motorcycles.
9: An antique clock tower rises above into the cloudy skies.
9: A green and yellow train pulling yellow train cars next to field.
9: A player hits the softball with a bat.
9: Cows strain their necks for hay in between posts of a fence.
9: A man plowing with oxen on a dirt road.
9: A blue and yellow train is sitting on some railroad tracks.
9: The man poses for a silly picture at the game.
9: A baby elephant stands by an adult elephant.
9:  a man standing on part of a hill while wearing skiis 
9: There is a man outside flying a kite.
9: Two hot dogs topped with cole slaw sits on a paper plate.
9: A group of male and female students are sitting at a table in a bathroom studying. 
9: A woman on the side of train tracks in the fog
9: two sumo wrestlers getting ready to wrestle in a ring
9: A person reaching for a pizza on a pan with various toppings.
9: A picture of a clock in the ground
9: A woman cuts fruit over a bucket filled with bananas.
9: Young boy playing with his multicolored kite outdoors
9: A man smiling and sitting in front of a plate of with a halved sandwich, fries and ketchup, on a table with salt and pepper shakers, and glass of dark beer.
9: A snowboarder grinding on a rail set in the snow.
9: Somebody is gotten in the peaceful of the picture. 

9: A neighborhood intersection has stop painted on the street.
9: A giraffe looking up at a tree behind some large rocks.
9: A surfboard propped up in the sand on a beech.
9: A view of a city sidewalk, building, and a stop light.
9: Large sleeping brown bear on a rock ledge at the zoo. 
9: A man is surfing a wave on his surfboard.
9: A baseball player is getting ready to swing a bat with a catcher and umpire looking on.
9: a cat eating some food out of a ball 
9: The view from underneath two beach umbrellas looking out onto the beach and towards the water.
9: a wooden bench sits on top of a grass hill 
9: A red train is parked in a train station next to a hill with houses.
9: A toilet tank lid with a bowl of soaps and seashells and a cup of toothbrushes and toothpaste.
9: A living room has some chairs and a ceiling fan.
9: The crooked shelving is unstable and will eventually fall down.
9: Three travellers are brushing their teeth as one is stretching.
9: A white clock tower is a nice day.
9: Tour bus with passengers on roadway during outdoor celebration.
9: There is a man that is waking towards a pelican on the beach
9: A small dog on a bench next to squash, hay and variegated corn
9: A large metal clock hanging from the side of the building.
9: A little girl wearing a black hat can be seen on a saddle riding.
9: a red fire hydrant that has seen better days
9: A bathroom that has a polka dot shower curtain in it.
9: A partially eaten sandwich on a plate near a banana.
9: Two stuffed animals put to bed under a blanket
9: A mother and baby elephant walking next to a pool of water.
9: A hot dog buried under a pile of toppings.
9: Some bags are coming around at baggage claim
9: brown bears standing around looking at a metal fence
9: A few people are eating food at a party.
9: A zebra walking in dirt area next to trees.
9: Kitchen with TV and entertainment center as sunlight shines through
9: A man riding a wave on top of a surfboard.
9: A computer with a cell phone resting against the monitor.
9: A man reclines on a conveyer belt at a baggage claim.
9: many people and some horses a street and buildings
9: A bathtub, toilet, mirror and sink in a bathroom.
9: a big crowd watching a man throwing a baseball
9: A baseball player getting ready to bat while a catcher and umpire wait behind him and people watch from the stands.
9: A man on a sidewalk holding his skateboard
9: A man getting out of the ocean holding a surfboard.
9: A stock photo shows horses and their riders
9: A mouse and cell phone sitting on top of a laptop
9: A dog competing in a long jump in to water contest
9: There is a lot of foot traffic on this street in the city.
9: Two guys are on their skateboards at the park. 
9: Two giraffes are standing in the sand behind a fence. 
9: a piece of food on a white and yellow plate
9: Two people are kissing beside a motorcycle in the hills
9: A man and a dog on a small yellow boat.
9: A man that has ski's and is standing in the snow.
9: in this picture you can see how donuts are made
9: three women surfers are practicing with their boards on the sand
9: A shaggy dog sit atop a blue and pink carpet.
9: a man in suit and tie holding onto two blue cups 
9: Young woman who barely threw a frisbee in park.
9: Young soccer player in mid-air as the soccer ball is under his right foot
9: Someone riding waves on a wave board in the lake
9: A crowd of people holding umbrellas walk in a plaza.
9: A pitcher follows through with his pitching motion.
9: There is a hotdog sitting among many condiments.
9: A steam locomotive belching smoke as it chugs along the rails.
9: A dog is next to a tree and a bunch of people are walking up to colored umbrellas and some have rested under a tree.
9: A KITCHEN WITH A SINK AND TABLE IN IT 
9: a skier in all black on a vast white slope
9: a baseball player swinging a bat on the field 
9: A bathroom toilet in a small room being remodeled 
9: Assorted, some with superhero designs, donuts in a box on a wooden table.
9: A skier doing stunts in the air near a cliff.
9: A quiet city street reflecting an early morning.
9: The city bus is pulled over to pick up passengers.
9: A clock tower sits against a blue sky in a graveyard.
9: a police officer by a sign using his cell phone
9: A zebra is eating grass next to sticks. 
9: a bunch of people that are skiing in some snow
9: A bus yard filled with lots of yellow school buses.
9: A living room filled with furniture and a gray TV.
9: A highway of traffic with several transit buses riding down it.
9: A picture of the photographer sitting on the toilet 
9: Man is snow gear and skis skiing in the snow.
9: A cell phone that is next to some memory cards.
9: Two giraffes snuggling among a group of giraffes.
9: Assortment of fresh herbs with cheese o pizza served with wine.
9: a train withe a few rail cars coming down the track
9: People walking on a sidewalk past a bus.
9: Close up of pasta dish with shrimp, broccoli and grated Parmesan cheese.
9: A blender on the c9unter that has spilled everywhere.
9: A group of men riding skateboards on top of a skateboard ramp.
9: a close up of a jet flying in the air
9: a boy skating on a dry land with his hands up
9: A bunch of doughnuts in a silver pan with serving tongs.
9: An adult zebra looking behind while standing near bushes.
9: a desk in a room next to a couple of windows
9: A woman waiting to board the subway train.
9: A train arriving at a train station where a few people are waiting.
9: The black and white cat peeks out of the zipper of a red bag.
9: Two cats that are sitting near a window.
9: a building attached to a tall clock tower
9: A blurred picture of a laptop and a box of tissues. 
9: A double-decker bus is stopped along a curb.
9: a plate containing different varieties of food each in their own bowl
9: A dog jumping in the air with a frisbee in its mouth.
9: a building and many street signs on a pole
9: A man riding on a skateboard down a side walk.
9: Three children playing video games on the sofa.
9: At a baseball game a player for one team swings at a ball.
9: A group of people are sitting on the beach shore.
9: A large  elephant feeding itself using its trunk 
9: A bear standing in a river below a small waterfall.
9: A tall brick building with a crucifix on the side.
9: A group of equestrians are out for a trail ride.
9: A batch of umbrella's and walking canes in a basket.
9: The people are standing on the bus stop waiting for their bus. 
9: A woman riding a bike down a street next to a divider.
9: A woman is looking in a mirror above a sink while brushing her teeth.
9: A group playing a game of soccer on a field in a park area.
9: A young girl baking fresh cookies in the kitchen.
9: a person laying on a hammock next to a person on a motorcycle
9: A child stares at the top of a cake.
9: A sandwich with salad on a plate and a cup of pop
9: A white sink in a small, tiled bathroom.
9: Person sitting on bench in large grassy field area.
9: a woman on skis smiles while standing in the snow 
9: a chocolate cake with with some candy on it 
9: A person walks along rail road tracks in a wooded area.
9: A mouse from a computer is sitting on a pad
9: Two people watching several kites flying over a grassy field.
9: A couple of people with a Frisbee on a field.
9: A man standing in front of a store with a dog.
9: a man that is surfing in some water
9: There are several trays filled with doughnut sandwiches.
9: Mom and son joking around while in the park.
9: A giraffe grazing in grass next to rocks and trees.
9: A person in a mirror in a room.
9: Two small boats on green, possibly algae invested water way.
9: A man with glasses and sideburns straightening his necktie that has lights on it.
9: A woman in a purple dress with white polka dots stands drinking a beverage at a public gathering.
9: A large yellow train on a steel track.
9: Various foods are sitting on the plate with a fork
9: A street corner with the signs of streets Wadsworth and Amherst is shown.
9: A little girl reaches across a fence to pet a giraffe who has his chin up in the air.
9: Two people each sitting on a horse in a show ring
9: A bus filled with people and luggage is crossing a small stream.
9: A double deck bus traveling along a street.
9: A woman standing up, paddle boarding in green water, wearing a bikini and a blue shirt around her waist.
9: A zebra standing still on dirt and gravel.
9: A traffic light next to a blue car in front of a building.
9: Several buses and some cars parked in a dirt lot.
9: a gray black and white cat a monitor and a laptop and keyboard
9: A woman wearing a dress is riding a bike.
9: a group of suitcases sitting by a fence with an umbrella 
9: A busy city street with a double Decker bus. 
9: White bus with red and blue marking at street intersection in urban setting.
9: there is a stuffed bear inside of boots
9: Plastic objects sitting on top of a black microwave.
9: A row of urinals with air freshener boxes on a wall.
9: These two riders are far ahead of the ones behind them.
9: a brown big bird flying over the ocean
9: A large clock tower is shown in the division of a street.
9: two college graduates pack up after a long day
9: A man that is standing in the water near a wind surfboard.
9: SNOWBOARDER JUMPING FROM A RAMP MADE OF SNOW
9: A woman is happy as she checks out her little bowl of food. 
9: a large tower that has a big clock at the top
9: A green eyed cat is on a blue bedspread.
9: A tgroup of tanker trucks drive down an icy street in the city.
9: People standing around looking at motorcycles in a parking lot.
9: A group of different fruits that are on a table.
9: An old fashioned motorcycle in lime green parked
9: A man cross country skis on a clear winter day.
9: A stylized photo of a small boy in a necktie playing in water.
9: A lone skier catching some air as he skies down the slope.
9: a guy relaxing in a chair with a drink of some sort.
9: a small boy with a bag of luggage
9: A refrigerator door filled with hot dogs and milk.
9: Guy taps the ball, on his side of the tennis court, to send to the other side
9: Laptops, keyboards, and mice, sit on a table.
9: An airplane parked in a airplane hanger with banners on the wall of the building.
9: A high tower with a point on top has a clock near the top.
9: A silver BMW motorcycle being posed for a picture.
9: Patrons are going to the shops of an airport.
9: White house boat docked at pier with man in blue approaching
9: a snow caped mountain is behind a large lake
9: This living room has leather furniture, a television, and a model ship on top of a fireplace. 
9: A fire hydrant on a sidewalk in front of buildings 
9: A man hitting a tennis ball on a professional court.
9: Several food items are sitting on a white plate.
9: A bunch of carrots are on a plate next to broccoli. 
9: a street sign near a rail road crossing.
9: A person rides an electric bike on a desert trail.
9: A black and white horse grazing in a grassy field.
9: The crosswalk sign says to stop and not walk.
9: An adult polar bear playing in the water.
9: An elephant taking shade beneath a very small tree.
9: A cat sitting on a bed near the contents from a purse and the purse.
9: some players are playing frisbee on a grass field
9: Purple flowers with bamboo shoot in flower pot
9: A clock on a bus shows the time is 9:11.
9: a cat is rinsed off with soap and aqua
9: Two bears walking together in the night. 
9: A cat stands in a white bathroom sink.
9: A parking lot with cars and people in front on a row of tents and a building with Public Market sign by water.
9: A person feeding a giraffe food at a zoo.
9: a plate with some sandwiches sitting on top of it 
9: A tan two story house on a street corner.
9: The tennis player is practicing at the net
9: A little boy holding a bat over his shoulder 
9: a baseball field with a man at home plate
9: Three buns are set on a paper towel.
9: A herd of sheep on a beach next to a body of water and on the road.
9: A man kneeling in snow to put on snowshoes.
9: Black and white kitten walking across bathroom sink.
9: A man with a dotted tie, black blazer and a striped shirt
9: A woman taking a swing at a tennis ball
9: Man painting boat on shore near lake filled with other boats.
9: A boy jumps in the pool and catches a frisbee.
9: A TV is shown on the side of a counter.
9: Two people riding an air-boat over a sandy beach.
9: A woman cutting a cake with a knife.
9: A vase hanging in font of a barred window.
9: the person is riding a motorcycle around a corner
9: A flock of large white geese with colorful faces.
9: Two skiers traveling on a snowy path in a forested area. 
9: A prop plane with is movable wings folded up parked on a runway.
9: A dog walks with a Frisbee near the water.
9: A living room with couches and a tv.
9: A car driving through a desert with a dust cloud behind. 
9: Various white colored birds all perched together next to a body of water.
9: A group of people are watching television in a bar.
9: a person is riding on a skateboard outside
9: a little table covered with paperwork, books and a laptop 
9: A skillet filled with meat and vegetables on the stove.
9: a woman and two kids riding surfboards using paddles 
9: The dog has long hair that covers it's eyes.
9: A refrigerator that has many different magnets on it.
9: The signs are clearly posted on the street for us to see.
9: A bathroom has a corner glass shower stall.
9: Small white toilet sitting in a small corner next to a wall. 
9: A zebra standing in the grass near trees.
9: A young man in a suit and tie standing in front of a curtain. 
9: The boy is riding his skateboard outside alone.
9: A brown and white dog laying on the arm of a chair.
9: A woman sitting on her bed crying and covering her eyes.
9: A man grilling chicken on a grill with a fork. 
9: A view of a beach with two surf boarders and a couple walking.
9: The biggest teddy bear amongst the group is wearing a crown.
9: a meal is set comprised of salad and a burger
9: A boy holding a cell phone to his ear while looking up. 
9: A kite in the air with a man on a beach in the background. 
9: A clean bathroom with pink walls and white appliances.
9: Three zebra's in a fenced in area with two walking away and one facing the camera
9: Two women leaving a beach with kites flying in the background.
9: A child with wet hair in a towel laughs as a woman holds a hair dryer up to his body.
9: some zebras and a brown animal some grass and bushes
9: a young giraffe lying down in a grassy field with small animals behind it
9: A zebra standing next to another rolling in the dirt.
9: A man wearing a bandana is flying a kite.
9: a white and grey bird is near the ocean.
9: A wind surfer is on top of an ocean wave.
9: A baby boy is naked and looking at the camera. 
9: A view of the sky and clouds through an airplane window.
9: a person standing next to a parked biike
9: A train rounds the corner as it comes down the railroad tracks.
9: The baseball player is getting ready to hit the ball.
9: a number of toys behind a display glass 
9: An orange cat hiding in a black purse on the couch. 
9: A stop sign is hanging on the gate in front of the street. 
9: A dog chews on a couch cushion, and another dog sits on the couch.
9: A man in a cherry picker fixing a traffic light
9: A couple of people taking a ski run up to the top of the mountain.
9: A black locomotive with car number 551 behind it.
9: a female sitting in a bed with the lights off working on a lap top computer
9: A motorcycle club is full with people standing around.
9: A picture of an outside region that appears incredible. 

9: A bathroom sink under a mirror on top of a counter.
9: Many surfboards laying out in the open near people.
9: A large group of people at a public wine tasting event.
9: A traffic sign with multiple stickers on it. 
9: Cat lying indolently on top of a small car.
9: A bowl of cereal is shown with sliced bananas.
9: A dog that is standing outside on some grass.
9: The little baby is reaching up with his hand.
9: A giraffe drinking from a bottle in front of a group of people.
9: There is a small window in a stone building
9: Man playing tennis on a fenced in tennis court.
9: A shirtless man wearing a tie with a chest tattoo. 
9: A young girl sits at a kitchen table, backed by a sink, cabinets and windows, a meal and a laptop in front of her, watching the screen.    
9: a number of people riding skis on a snowy surface
9: a split photo of a person hitting a tennis ball 
9: A man doing tricks on his skate board. 
9: A gentleman waits expectantly at a parking meter
9: A woman in a hat is ready to go on a body board.
9: A kitchen with white cupboards, a bowl of bananas, cookbooks, a blue teakettle and other sundries.
9: A clean bathroom with nothing but a bar of soap on the counter top
9: A brown bear is walking amongst huge trees.
9: A man sitting on a bench with a teddy bear in his book bag
9: Two security personnel holding two dogs at the coastline
9: A cat sitting on a chair next to a plant and window.
9: Split photo showing lamp on table next to television in paneled room.
9: A wooden bench with rock legs is placed in front of a hedgerow. 
9: This is an image of a man trowing a frisbee.
9: Two people are riding horses along the hillside.
9: An areal view shows a town of buildings and car in a street. 
9: Plate of food with gravy on mesh table with knife
9: A woman covering her eyes lying on a bed next to a cell phone.
9: I believe this is a bear up in a tree but it is hard to be certain
9: A bottle of ale is standing next to a glass full of liquid. 
9: A single horse standing in a field on a farm.
9: a couple of chairs are around a table outside
9: A young girl holds onto a small toy Frisbee.
9: A surfer overtakes the wave and proceeds to the downward.
9: a statue of a man sitting on a bench 
9: A butterfly sits on an open orange. 
9: Some gazelle and a zebra standing in a field.
9: Several zebras walking in the shade near some trees.
9: Two men jumping for a flying disk while outside.
9: Many people riding bicycles down a busy city street.
9: A man on a skateboard skating on a pole at a ramp.  
9: A man speaking into a microphone at a wine tasting event
9: A pair of sinks are situated next to each other.
9: A kid stands in front of a horse drawn carriage
9: A clock is sitting atop a church tower.
9: A filthy bathroom with a grimy tub and toilet and grime covered floor and walls.
9: An airplane flying alone in a cloudy sky.
9: A black and white zebra stands next to a tree.
9: A dog is jumping into the air to catch a frisbee.
9: A bunch of cars on the road stuck in bumper to bumper traffic
9: A boy in a white t-shirt hovers in the air on a skateboard.
9: A surfer stands on the beach watching the waves coming to shore.
9: A little girl in bed holding a stuffed animal.
9: Two skiers are on their skis on the snow.
9: A man is being handed a birthday cake with lit candles.
9: A photo of fruit is partially in color and partially in black and white.
9: Design paper sits on a cutting board beside scissors and glue.
9: Some strawberries that have a chocolate coating on them.
9: Two men playing with a frisbee in the park. 
9: An image of two pizzas cooking in their pans.
9: A snow covered but recently plowed street in the city.
9: two horses walking in field with gate in background
9: Two men wearing leather on top of motorcycles.
9: A man wearing a shirt and tie is on headphones.
9: a big train passes under a big bridge 
9: A cat standing behind a wooden bench next to white flowers.
9: A man sits lies on a couch with 3 laptop computers stacked on him.
9: Pictures of several different types of quiche prepared differently.
9: A small plane landing on a runway in a field.
9: A pile of luggage sitting on a court in an airport.
9: A baseball player talking to a coach on the field.
9: Bright, but minimal, light shows a wood surface with a laptop  and a scattering of peripheral equipment.
9: A young man playing tennis on a clay court.
9: A lot of boats that are in the water.
9: The giraffe is waiting for the baby to catch up.
9: a tall red bus near a clock tower
9: A picture of a airplanes parked at an airport. 
9: An ice cream truck drives down the road
9: A toilet inside a room that needs renovation.
9: a close up of a lot of animals with a fence
9: Two small children, on wearing green Christmas pajamas stand on a stool and brush their teeth in the mirror
9: Here is a group of longhorn cattle resting in the sun.
9: The man is riding up a hill on a motorcycle. 
9: If that's a bear in the bushes, get ready to run.
9: A young girl next to a horse with a little girl.
9: birds on branches sticking out of a body of water
9: some children are playing soccer on a field
9: A small plane on the sand near a beach.
9: A woman riding a bicycle making a call on the road near a building with cars parked outside
9: A kid is standing on a chair at the dining table.
9: Customers stand at a kiosk waiting for tickets
9: The devices plugged into the computer are not helped by the fact that it's made by Dell
9: The people are holding protest signs on the side of the road.
9: CAT SITTING ON TABLE WATCHING OTHER CATS ON TV
9: A bowl of food, including broccoli, sitting on a napkin.
9: A railroad train passing underneath an under pass.
9: A dog running in a park with a ball in its mouth.
9: A heavy duty truck makes a right turn onto a residential street.
9: A refrigerator in the kitchen is covered with a multitude of magnets and pictures. 
9: A small vase of flowers sits on a patio table. 
9: It is snowing while someone sits on their snowmobile.
9: A yellow bus traveling down a cobblestone road.
9: a brown tower with a clock on top.
9: a man that is in a kitchen under a sign.
9: The young man is posing outside his house, next to his awesome motorcycle.
9: Cluttered computer desk with trash, empty glasses, and medication.
9: Two brown bears standing on their hind legs in front of pine trees. 
9: two white sheep some rocks and grass and a tree
9: some snow skiers and their skies laid out all in a row 
9: A small child wearing headphones plays on the computer.
9: A very nice large modern style kitchen with a bar.
9: A green street sign handing from a black pole with a building in the background
9: A man wearing an apron peering into the bottom of an open fridge
9: A man wiping off his brow at a wedding.
9: A mean getting on to boat sitting in the water.
9: this is a train pulling up to a stop in the city
9: Two people on surfboards, one standing and the other lying down to paddle.
9: A bearded man dressed in black carrying a surf board.
9: The Royal Observatory Greenwich sign has a strange machine that looks like a clock but is not one.
9: A wine rack, cabinets, drawers and refrigerator in a kitchen.
9: Young girl is outside and holding a pink Hello Kitty umbrella.
9: Two bananas hang from a banana holder on a counter top. 
9: A group of people in a boat in the water.
9: Some people with surf boards near each other in the water.
9: A baby boy has a toothbrush in his mouth.
9: A living area with chairs, long sofa and coffee table.
9: a red and white parachute is in the sky
9: A dog that is laying down sleeping on the floor.
9: The bride and groom are smiling as they pose together.
9: A woman is smiling next to a refrigerator in a kitchen.
9: The woman is looking at the kite above the tree.
9: A group of kids playing soccer against each other.
9: Suitcases stacked next to a train car entering a tunnel. 
9: a lady with some kind of fabric in her hand.
9: A white toilet in a very small room.
9: A tall banana plant with bunches of green bananas.
9: A boy on his laptop, which has a lot of decals.
9: A goth man sitting on top of the floor near a store.
9: A photo of a steak sandwich and drink from Geno's Steaks restaurant.
9: A black and white photograph of a locomotive.
9: A green bowl of corn and broccoli in a white stew with a spoon and a biscuit  next to it.
9: Woman holding a teddy bear on the back of a bicycle. 
9: A large wooden piece of furniture next to a piece of luggage.
9: An up close photo of animals fur while laying on a blanket
9: A dog chasing a group of three sheep.
9: A bunch of people that are in a shopping center.
9: A couple of guys standing at a counter.
9: A couple of old benches that are sitting in a grassy spot. 
9: A just married coule feed each other cake while a photographer takes photos.
9: A male and female looking down at cell phones.
9: a shirtless child has a blue tooth brush in its mouth
9: A cat lays on top of a laptop computer that is sitting on a desk.
9: A man water skiis in a body of water. 
9: A cat laying on the grass touching a persons feet.
9: A young boy with sunglasses on top of his head eating a sandwich.
9: there are four air planes lined up on the air field 
9: A bowl food containing milk, granola and bananas.
9: A tennis player competes with a large crowd watching.
9: An iced, chocolate cake with square and heart shaped sprinkles.
9: Bananas growing around other vegetation and trees in the background.
9: A yellow truck is hauling a load off.
9: This building has several artistic designs on it.
9: A cake with a fruit topping on a round, cardboard platter.
9: A selection of breads, meat, spreads, and cheeses. 
9: A meal with 2 plates and a cup of coffee.
9: People flying a kite near many small windmills.
9: a man and a woman playing with a white surfboard in the sand 
9: A simple brick building with a small clock tower.
9: A laptop and monitor and a CPU on a desk
9: a a couple of snowboards are up against a tree
9: A horse drawn carriage being pulled through the mud
9: An adult giraffe standing next to a small elephant.
9: A BRIGHT COLORED BIRD IS SITTING ON A BRANCH OF A FULL TREE
9: Black and white photo of the mean standing next to a cow.
9: A brown calf drinking milk from its mother.
9: A clock that is visible through a blue window,
9: A small kitchen knife on top of a sliced carrot.
9: Orange cat sitting on bench outside in sun.
9: a small giraffe walking on a dirt ground 
9: A person on some skis in the snow.
9: A street sign and graffiti on the back of a stop sign.
9: a person skiing down a hill in a black outfit 
9: A person on jet skis riding in the water
9: Oriental family smiling at camera during a meal at a restaurant.
9: A door leading to a bathroom with a litter box in it
9: A pizza has red and green peppers embedded in the cheese.
9: three course dinner is served on a table
9: A wall clock in a restaurant stating the time of 6:10.
9: A bridge with a clock tower at one side and a ferris wheel at the other side.
9: A pitcher throwing the ball towards the batter and catcher. 
9: There are two cell phone's one is on with a robot.
9: A man who is riding on a skateboard.
9: Three suitcases sit on the ground next to a rolling table.
9: A young boy holds food in front of his mouth.
9: A black cow standing in a grassy field.
9: A life sized sculpture of a woman sitting on a park bench
9: A Red-Faced Baboon peeling a ripe banana for lunch.
9: A donut with white and pink frosting on top.
9: Several tables with umbrellas near a lake with animals in it.
9: Young boy consuming food at outdoor seating area.
9: a giraffe standing along in the woods by its self
9: A young male in blue shorts is hitting a tennis ball during a tennis game.
9: A surfer exiting the water with board in hand.
9: A man with his hands behind his head leaning against a wall.
9: A street sign on the the center divider between two roads.
9: I have never seen a fire hydrant with multiple spouts.
9: A woman standing in a room with a remote.
9: A pan on a table with lots of pizza.
9: Two dogs playing tug-o-war with a red frisbee. 
9: A surfer holds his arms out as he approaches land.
9: A man walking his dog next to a bench.
9: The man stands on the beach flying a kite with a child. 
9: A woman picking out apples from a farmers market.
9: a man and a woman are sitting on an old couch, on their phones. 
9: Eight car train passing through rural area in winter.

9: This picture from yesteryear shows a group well-dressed boys posing with their two mentors. 
9: A man in a red shirt and a red hat is on a motorcycle on a hill side.
9: A surfer is surfing in the ocean on a surf board.
9: Baked pizza displayed on serving platter for consumption.
9: A herd of elephants is moving across a stream.
9: A boy has just hit a baseball in  field.
9: A man carries a basket full of nuts on his back.
9: A flock of birds are flying in the sky.
9: The lights at an intersection are all red. 
9: A woman uses scissors to cut dough on a pan.
9: A MAN IS ON THE SNOW BAORD STANDING 
9: People gathered at the beach with large colorful flags sticking out of the sand.
9: A large red and white boat docked next to a walkway.
9: a group of red flowers in a blue vase on a white table.
9: a woman hits a tennis ball with a tennis racket
9: An old toilet sits in dirt with a helmet on top.
9: a plane flying high in the sky on a cloudy day
9: Three people have sailed out on the water in a boat.
9: A group of people are sitting on a plane.
9: a bathroom toilet upended into a white bathtub.
9: a cat that is sitting on a bed next to a book
9: an elephant in captivity with trees in the background
9: A bicycle leaned against the wall on the side of the street
9: Person riding a horse while the sun sets
9: A truck with elaborate paintings all over it.
9: A fry pan is full of some cooked broccoli.
9: A group of people on a boat next to a whale.
9: A bathroom with orange post its everywhere, a bottle of liquor, book, shower and toilet. 
9: Two young ladies are sitting with a huge pizza. 
9: A baby elephant is standing in front of a large elephant.
9: Green and red public bus with two men in front in a foreign land.
9: A mouse and a keyboard in front of an Apple logo.  
9: A red and black double decker bus travelling on a street. 
9: A dark red minivan is stopped at the stop sign by the corner of two quiet streets in town.
9: A Ferris wheel that is next to a body of water.
9: Cars stopped on a busy street while pedestrians cross.
9: A young person riding skis next to an adult.
9: A skier going downhill quickly with an onlooker behind.
9: A little girl hugging her teddy bear. 
9: Two young men are skateboarding on the street.
9: A shower stall in a bathroom but missing the sink
9: Several boats anchored on a beach in the fall.
9: A young child riding a horse looking of their shoulder
9: Two bighorn sheep on a snowy hill with brown grass.
9: A coffee cup with flavored coffee in it.
9: a man water skiing at in the water at the beach
9: multiple sail boats sit on rocks on dry land 
9: Bushel baskets full of vegetables at a market as shoppers walk by.
9: A man who is jumping in the air to catch a Frisbee. 
9: Two men kneeling on the corner of a street outside of Swarvoski.
9: A bedroom with a bed that has a deer bedspread.
9: White porcelain sink with one faucet and white porcelain toilet in abandoned or demolished building.
9: The orange cat is sitting on the laptop.
9: A lot of vegetable are on the kitchen counter.
9: Men stare at suitcases in the floor. 
9: an open concept kitchen with a counter stove and sink
9: an image of a boat that is in the water
9: A white bus with a flat tire sitting next to a bench.
9: A large bus and some people on a city street.
9: a bed with a wire bed frame and a colorful bed spread.
9: A school bus is riding through a street intersection.
9: There is a window directly above the kitchen sink.
9: Men in rear of truck transporting large bunches of fruit.
9: A line of motorcycles parked on a small street.
9: a store with a lot of teddy bears on display
9: A young woman holding a freshly pulled carrot up in the air.
9: A beautiful birthday cake with a teddy bear and two candles on it for Forresco.
9: A person flying a kite high up in the air.
9: Buildings near train tracks as a train comes out of a tunnel.
9: A small bathroom has two dirty toilets and a sink
9:  a chromed out motorcycle with unusual exhaust pipes
9: an image of a construction sign on the sidewalk
9: A pitcher is throwing a ball on a baseball field. 
9: A cat that is laying down on a hose.
9: A lady sitting in a car with a cake on her lap.
9: a baseball player standing at a baseball base with a bat
9: A smiling man on a motorcycle under a car port.
9: A double decker bus passes by a ferris wheel. 
9: A train sitting on the tracks with smoke coming out of it.
9: A bus is stopping to pick up a group of passengers.
9: A man holding up some clothes in some hanger bags.
9: A person riding a wave on top of a surfboard.
9: A platter of different types of food on a plate.
9: A cat is peeking from behind some tissue paper.
9: Many sheep gather on a truck and in a field eating hay.
9: a hand holding a grey and clear rack with window in the background.
9: A female tennis player waiting for the ball to come down for the serve.
9: A cluttered basement with a fridge and many lights.
9: A person sits on top of a bench.
9: A couple of women sitting next to each other.
9: A bathroom with a glass shower door and a tiled floor. 
9: Two boys on a field throwing a ball at night time. 
9: A wooden plate with different types of food on it.
9: A zebra standing out alone in the grassy field
9: Deep bathtub displayed in area of large tiled bathroom.
9: an image of a child putting food in its mouth
9: Pans of potatoes and a  person wearing a red apron in a commercial kitchen.
9: A small girl holding skies in the snow 
9: A boy comes out of the water while a girl with a air mattress goes in.
9: A wooden vase with flowers in front of a mirror.
9: A white pony grazes in a field near trees
9: Person standing while holding video game remotes in their hand.
9: A black and white picture of a man on a bench.
9: A group of people standing in the water with surfboards.
9: A pastry is torn in half on a plate.
9: A black steam train rolls into a town.
9: A freshly cut pizza about to be consumed
9: Room with toys around the edges with young boy running into other room
9: Looking down at an open white toilet bowl in a black tiled bathroom
9: A Do Not turn (left) sign at the scene of a construction site. 
9: People are standing by cake on a flag tablecloth.
9: a dining room with a table and chairs
9: A stop sign that is attached to a broken wooden pole.
9: Dinner for two along with flowers and candles.
9: Two teddy bears with balloons on a chair 
9: A clock hanging from a store with letters instead of numbers on it. 
9: A stop sign on the side of a quiet street across from a house.
9: A bird of prey sitting in a open window.
9: The display case is filled with donuts with colorful icing. 
9: Crackers coated with spread, sitting on a plate, ready to eat.
9: One girl trying to block another girl from catching a Frisbee.
9: a male tennis player in a white shirt 
9: A man and a girl riding a motorbike on the road
9: A very cute dog sticking its nose out a window.
9: a bottle of whiskey in the bathroom above a toilet
9: A boy performing a trick with his skate board.
9: A basset hound rests on a leather chair.
9: A mouse that is sitting next to a keyboard.
9: A boy riding a skateboard on a sidewalk as another laughs in the background.
9: A giraffe hiding behind a pole standing in the grass.
9: A glass of wine in a kitchen with a picture window.
9: some large wooden forks and other items on display
9: a living room with a bright red couch next to a yellow wall 
9: A number of umbrellas decorated in different patterns.
9: Cat walking away from the opened door towards the dark room
9: Skiing should be great on this sunny winter day.
9: A woman with a cast on her arm lying in a hospital bed.
9: Tennis player about to hit ball back over while being close to net
9: Two men running for a soccer ball on a field.
9: two men getting their luggage to put in the cars
9: Three chefs are behind the counter of a grill full of customers. 
9: A baby black bear walking on some rocks
9: A man swings a baseball bat at the ball.
9: A TV remote control and a television, each facing each other.
9: This sheep looks silly with this his head stuck in that sign.
9: A professional tennis player waits for the ball to come to him.
9: a white vase with yellow tulips against a grey background
9: A train on a bridge moving past a neighborhood.
9: A man who is holding a baseball bat.
9: A long train is sitting stationary near a building and series of trees.
9: a desk with three electronics stacked on each other
9: A JEWELRY STORE LOCATED BENEATH A CLOCK TOWER
9: A number of zebras standing in the dirt near a wall. 
9: A skier is in the air holding on to some ropes.
9: The right side of a man with a neon green tie and an unusual color of green eyes facing a camera.
9: A man holding an umbrella under a fat bride. 
9: A FedEx truck and car parked on a street with leaves on the ground.
9: a bunch of animals graze on some grass 
9: A flock of gulls flies over the ocean.
9: A boy looks at a small frog that has been placed on an orange Frisbee.
9: A male tennis player lays on the ground
9: a surf boarder stands by rocks holding his surfboard
9: Mouse a keyboard sitting on a work bench.
9: A person on a motorcycle driving on the break down lane.
9: A crosswalk sign on Bainbridge Street during the winter.
9: Panda bear sitting in tree with no leaves.
9: A person in the ocean holding a kite like object in the air by a string.
9: People standing in line by several food trucks parked on the street
9: One half of a layer cake that is left after eating.
9: A antique style bedroom with hardwood floors and accessories.
9: a batter at home plate swinging his baseball bat
9: A man with glasses and a cat staring. 
9: A group of passengers and their luggage at an airport.
9: a woman hits a ball as people look on 
9: Large row of white urinals sitting next to each other. 
9: An infant sleeping with a teddy bear with him.
9: a group of people playing frisbee in a field
9: A skier jumps high into the air crossing their skis in a ski jump.
9: an image of a motorcycle parked next to a fence
9: a bathroom with sinks on a long counter and a long mirror 
9: A snowboarder practicing his moves at a snow facility.
9: A birthday cake decorated with a red fire truck. 
9: Crowd watches as guy gets prepared for the tennis match
9: Two pieces of fruit sit on a plate on a table full of books.
9: A guy on a motorcycle with some people watching.
9: a close up of a piece of cake on a plate
9: fTwo people take a "selfie" at an outdoor fair event.
9: a kitchen with brown cupboards and black counters 
9: A couple of men snuggling on a bed with one under the cover.
9: a doughnut like pastry sitting on parchment paper
9: males surfer riding wave, appears to be airborne over wave. 
9: a cow looking out while standing by a barn
9: A herd of elephants standing next to each other.
9: A street sign with flags and a high rise building in the background.
9: A group of ladys around a small table.
9: A man waling along a beach with a town in the back ground.
9: We see a sign for coffee or tee beneath a signal light.
9: A giraffe licking a fence post while standing in a coral.
9: A striped tie with the shirt collar unbuttoned
9: A white sink with a black cabinet underneath it.
9: A baby with food on her face and her tongue sticking out.
9: A meat sandwich resting on top of tin foil. 
9: A tennis player jumps up to hit a ball
9: A woman on a tennis court in a sports bra and holding a racquet.
9: A woman dressed as a pilgrim in an old kitchen. 
9: A dog finds wonderful things to sniff in the oddest places.
9: a man catches a wave on his surfboard
9: A tower of a building has a weathervane and a clock.
9: A group of people walking in a single file up a slope.
9: Flowers that are in a vase on a table.
9: A skier poses for a picture on top of a snowy hill.
9: This dog is hiding under several hats while laying on the floor.
9: An clock is encased in the wall of an older building.
9: Children are standing near a motorcycle during a parade.
9: the dinner table with two plates and two glasses of wine
9: Birds are sitting on branches with no leaves.
9: A man pulls a suitcase on wheels down a sidewalk.
9: A young boy leaning up against a bag of luggage.
9: A man holding a white snow board by some other kids
9: A row of toilets sitting in a bathroom.
9: A garden with lots of green plants possibly a vegetable garden.
9: A young man with a paddle on an orange surfboard
9: A man is holding a hotdog in his hand
9: Different people crossing the street in the rain holding umbrellas.
9: Two large ancient vases sitting on a shelf with smaller relics.
9: Two friends sitting at diner eating a slice of pizza.
9: Yellow and green colored train sitting stationary underground. 
9: Engine of airplane in foreground with shot of vast beautiful landscape below.
9: A woman sitting under a beach umbrella while others around her sunbathe.
9: The elephant is moving the log from place to place.
9: Woman throwing umbrella into air on frozen lake
9: The man in the leather jacket in on a blue motorcycle.
9: A group of crane birds and pelicans sitting on stands.
9: A dog wearing a pair of socks and a pair of shoes
9: A man sitting on a wooden bench with cat in the foreground.
9: a group of people eating outside a restaurant while the maintenance person cleans  
9: A bathroom with a toilet, roll of tissue, garbage can and a sink.
9: A few people skiing down a ski slope.
9: A bench that is sitting against a wall.
9: a cat is yawning while it sits inside the house
9: a door is closed with a sign on it glass cover 
9: A group of pink apples sit on the grass and wait to be picked up. 
9: a table with many different food items and a cake
9: A woman and girl near a fence with large birds.
9: Mountains can be seen through the window of a plane. 
9: A small cake is covered in frosting on a plate.
9: a blue suitcase sits on the floor in front of 2 pair of shoes
9: Two bigger elephants standing with a small elephant.
9: A man and two women holding a basket with a hotdog.
9: A grandma drying her granddaughter off after a bath. 
9: A motorcycle with a helmet on it is parked in a parking lot.
9: A woman snaps a photo of people having fun in the courtyard.
9: A person is snowboarding on a mountain where the snow is melting. 
9: A man in a suit is standing in the street
9: There are two laptops left open on the desk. 
9: People are standing in the grass near flying kites.
9: A person on bike riding down the road.
9:  A table topped with a plate of white garlic bread.
9: A restaurant filled with umbrella covered tables and people sharing meals.
9: A black dog sniffs the ground in a park.
9: A hot dog vendor sits outside a famous building in the city.
9: this is a picture of a motorcycle leaning into a corner
9: There are three microwaves standing in a line.
9: A double street sign atop a pole with a stop sign.
9: A dog laying with its face a couch 
9: a room with a desk with books and a plant
9: A room with a bed and a chair, the sheets are turned down.
9: desktop picture with laptop and food container full of food
9: Two young women in dresses and a young man pose for a photo with men wearing German mountaineer costumes.
9: A group of people on a street next to a food truck.
9: A clock tower jutting skyward on a snowy winter day
9: Freshly sliced oranges, lemons, limes, apples, and whole berries on a plate.
9: Person walking into the waves while holding a surfboard
9: a close up of a street sign on two poles 
9: a plane starting to fly away from the runway
9: a rock bench next to a brick fence 
9: A man who is smoking on a pipe.
9: A lone bear is walking in the woods.
9: The pizza is on the plate and ready to be eaten
9: An older woman is standing in a pink kitchen.
9: A couple looking at a giraffe over a wooden fence.
9: Various different type of pizza behind a glass.
9: Three surfboards on a beach with two people in the background.
9: Two trains travel on tracks on a bridge
9: Somewhat confusing traffic turn lights in an oriental city
9: indoor shot of a living room in an empty house with lots of windows
9: A wooden and iron park bench on an empty field.
9: A woman is sitting next to a table with a pizza.
9: A man dressed all in black in elvis clothing 
9: a car driving down a quiet road during a sunny day
9: a couple of young kids play in front of a television 
9: Cloth covered table in eating area with yellow walls.
9: A couple of men standing next to a pizza on top of a wooden spatula.
9: The clock reads 2:35 at the train station with two trains present.
9: A young boy rides a boogie board in the water.
9: A man and a woman paddle a boat down a river.
9: A skateboarder in cowboy hat just about to go down a ramp
9: A group of men in bathing suits are on a poster.
9: A sign pinned to a tree next to a parking meter.
9: there is a woman that is standing and smiling and holding bananas
9: In a rear view mirror, a school bus can be seen.
9: A street light next to a long asphalt road.
9: Horses some in coral, two with saddles and blankets. 
9: A kitchen scene complete with a sink, refrigerator and an oven.
9: A large black mirror hanging over a sink.
9: Biker going down a road with a large herd of sheep
9: A person holding a doughnut in their hand. 
9: School lunch room with dozens and dozens of pizzas on tables.
9: Three zebras standing in the wild surrounded by trees.
9: A woman swinging a tennis racquet on a tennis court.
9: A man holding a tennis racket at the tennis courts.
9: A black and white colored cat on top of a wooden bench.
9: A person standing on the snowboard on top of the snow. 
9: A cat sits on the wicker of a blue chair
9: A cake with decorative fruit and chocolate toppings.
9: A red truck with a crane parked in front of a building.
9: A large model train set with mountains and buildings.
9: A bird sitting on an evergreen tree in a forest.
9: The train is stopped in the rural station.
9: A dog is tied to a bench and is sitting on concrete near a bicycle rack.
9: People eating in a restaurant near wine bottles.
9: Several city buses lined up in a large city.
9: A table with breadsticks and three parcially filled glasses of wine and a wine bottle.
9: someone surfing on a white surfboard in a body of water
9: A young man with a snowboard while a crowd looks on
9: Man eating a piece of toast in bed
9: Two people are playing tennis on a sunny day.
9: A small bowl has food in it from the larger bowl.
9: A very big pretty room with a nice clock in it.
9: A man in shorts is holding a tennis racket
9: A cat looks in the mirror while it's picture is being taken. 
9: many people in the room only four a playing a video game
9: Two zebras wander around in a grassy field.
9: Some zebra and deer grazing in a field.
9: Red tray with rice meat and vegetables on it. 
9: horses eating grass in a field with trees in the background
9: Two women eating hotdogs while wearing bikinis at the beach.
9: A group of zebras are on the brown ground.
9: Young person on the street skateboarding wearing a helmet.
9: A beer sits untouched on a table with other food
9: a microwaved broccoli and cheese dish and a spoon
9: A group of three gray stuffed teddy bears sitting next to each other.
9: A clear bottle and a glass set behind a burner on a stove
9: Person sitting on a chair under an umbrella while another walks by on the beach.
9: Two computer monitors are on a brown table.
9: A bly is hitting a ball with a racket.
9: A picnic area at a resort is still closed this early in the morning.
9: A jetliner parked on top of an airport tarmac.
9: Two men playing frisbe on an indoor court.
9: A picture is taken of a man injured in the hospital.
9: A guide shows tourists the jungle from the top of an elephant.
9: A bride and a groom are cuddled in a car.
9: A group of people standing near the motorcycles on the street. 
9: A lady standing by a sliding door reading her phone.
9: A woman flying a kite as other walk nearby
9: People at a market place selling mostly luggage 
9: A sign that says saving private parking on it.
9: A man hitting several tennis balls on a tennis court
9: A group of wooden horses on a rod.
9: Females tennis player holding your racket up to a ball. 
9: People shaking hands while they get ready to play a tennis game
9: A person riding a motorcycle on the road near a fence.
9: A pepsi vending machine near a lo fi store front
9: The parked bus is covered in colorful graffiti.
9: A red laptop computer is sitting on a bed.
9: A group of people are surrounding a tv and watching it.
9: A man in a wetsuit is sitting on a surfboard. 
9: The donuts all have decorative frosting on the top.
9: Worker standing under the tail of a large passenger plane
9: A woman with glasses rowing as a small kid sits
9: Two men in shorts and baseball caps play Frisbee.
9: Many travel items have been placed neatly on a desk.
9: A player holding a bat with a shortstop and umpire.
9: The clock indicates it is nine o'clock sharp.
9: A person that is standing by a train.
9: A double decker hot dog with cheese on top.
9: A nearly empty warehouse with a disabled  parking sign
9: The bench is empty in the park outside.
9: A pizza topped with arugula and Parmesan cheese.
9: A skier is riding the slopes on a snow hill.
9: A dog has crazy eyes as he tries to keep the frisbee.
9: A giraffe in a field looking over some rocks.
9: A crowd of people watching an indoor tennis match.
9: A sidewalk area that has a red and white fire hydrant on the sidewalk, in front of a brick building.
9: A herding dog faces a group of sheep grazing in a field.
9: A large grassy field filled with grazing cows
9: A cow standing in a grassy field in front of some trees.
9: Vase of flowers laying on a shelving unit with various pots.
9: A plate of pasta, croutons, and something else.
9: A stop sign next to a fire hydrant on the curb of a road.
9: A pen laying on a wooden table in front of a computer keyboard.
9: a tennis player hitting a serve on a court
9: A second-story bedroom window is open, revealing other houses and buildings in the neighborhood.
9: A teddy bear that is holding a cross.
9: A sheep is grazing in a grassy area above a body of water.
9: Four people standing around a cake with a candle in it.
9: A cat is laying on top of a laptop computer.
9: an image of a small pizza on a plate
9: A man leaning his head in a box of pizza with some pizza in his mouth.
9: a cat standing above a pair of brown shoes 
9: A man wearing a reflective vest, holding a stop sign.
9: A surfing simulator is being used by fellow surfers.
9: Vehicles on a street with a train overhead.
9: A person on skis that is throwing a snowball.
9: Two people play a game on a Wii.
9: A motel style bathroom vanity, sink, mirror and toilet.
9: A nice kitchen is shown with light coming in a window and black countertops.
9: The giraffe is standing by itself by the gate.
9: Several small rectangular slices of pizza with cheese and mushrooms.
9: There is a group of cows in the field.
9: The plate has on it some kind of casserole, carrots and broccoli and bread.
9: The oranges are peeled open with the inside showing.
9: A man is smiling while holding a picture of a library card.
9: A few baby birds are swimming next to their mother.
9: A truck carries a large amount of items and a few people.
9: A boy in a blue shirt rides a red motorcycle through the streets.
9: Three zebras wandering in an open field past a tree.
9: There is a single frosted donut with sprinkles.
9: Many boats as seen through a chain link fence.
9: A red, double decked bus is on a city street as small cars pass it on the street.
9: Birds fly around a tall building with a clock.
9: Metal bowls containing minced food, meat on one, lettuce and vegetables on the others.
9: A woman with blue hair taking a picture of herself with a phone.
9: A man throws a disc into a disc golf hole.
9: A bunch of kids playing baseball in a wide open field.
9: Four playing a doubles games of tennis on a tennis court.
9: Black and white photograph of skate board riders on a city street
9: a dog in a green shirt near a persons feet
9: A warehouse lined with many different colored stoves.
9: a kite is flying over a busy beach
9: The traffic light has turned green for us to go. 
9: A person riding a motorcycle taking a steep turn.
9: A bathroom with a sink, toilet and a shower stall.
9: A dog sitting by a fence with a flying disc
9: A zebra putting it's head on another zebra in their natural habitat. 
9: A pair of people playing frisbee against each other on a field.
9: A man riding a surfboard on top of a wave.
9: an image of a dog sleeping on a stuffed animal
9: An old military jeep with its hood up on display.
9: A man in a suit coat and tie jumping up in the air.
9: A humming bird flying toward a water container.
9: A flotilla of small boats circle around water buoys.
9: Several people stand on their skis on a snowy hill.
9: Two giraffe standing next to each other near a man.
9: A man on a surfboard riding a wave 
9: Athlete in motion during attended competition on gray and blue court.
9: A lady laying on a blanket on the beach under an umbrella
9: A man playing wii with the remote and nunchuck attachment.
9: A group of zebras that are standing in the dirt.
9: Several people on skis in the snow outside of a lodge.
9: The four women are holding their tennis rackets.
9: A nice jet plane flying into some grey skies.
9: Small airplanes are parked on a grassy field.
9: A sad looking cat lays next to a keyboard.
9: a bed with two tables a purse and books stacked in front of 
9: A zebra running in a field towards the camera.
9: A man flying through the air on top of a skateboard.
9: A male on a skateboard performing a trick on a halfpipe. 
9: Snowboarder riding on railing at night during winter.
9: Three men are standing in a parking lot.
9: Two zebras, one facing forward, one looking at its mate.
9: Lady standing in a retro pink and turquoise bathroom.
9: A man wearing ear buds and Reebok clothing looks up from the sidewalk.
9: Urban scene of elevated train going  over a busy street.
9: Two computer screens are on a long desk .
9: The man is practicing his tricks on his skateboard. 
9: a very clean kitchen with pots and pans
9: A baseball player swings at a pitch while others watch.
9: A street sign is shown, the corner of West 25th St and Broadway.
9: the man jumps over the steps while on his skateboard
9: A dog lays on a sidewalk next to a bottle of wine. 
9: Several people on a beach flying their kites.
9: The Christmas tree in the bedroom is next to a bed. 
9: A large sandwich and cup of coffee sit on an outdoor dining table.
9: A dog laying down and chewing on a dog toy.
9: Variety of large fishing vessels in dry dock area.
9: a train boxcox that has been renovated as a structure
9: The large airplane has his landing gear down.
9: A baby car seat and a tv set on the floor.
9: A brown bird sits on the handlebar of a bicycle or motorcycle.
9: Two young children are brushing their teeth in the bathroom mirror.
9: a young baseball player with a bat on the field
9: A baseball player about to swing at a pitch. 
9: A bunch of canoes are pulled up to the dock.
9: Oranges and a pitcher of orange juice sit on a table.
9: A truck wrapped in beer advertisements parked in a parking lot.
9: A girl is a Krispy Kreme hat holding abox of donuts.
9: A mountain goat stands on top of a rock on a hill.
9: A zebra laying down in the grass resting for a while.
9: The two large cows are drinking from a watering trough.
9: there are many bags and luggages standing next to each other
9: A wooden deck with a parking meter on it's corner.
9: A beverage cooler and counter area in a small store.
9: Two tennis players sit drinking bottles of water as they rest.
9: An old television sitting on the edge of a stand. 
9: A bird perched on the back of a wooden bench.
9: A man riding a skateboard on a ramp rail.
9: Many neon lights at night in the city
9: A man holding a yellow frisbee over a trash can.
9: A nature reserve where giraffes, zebra, and other animals roam freely.
9: One man cutting the cast off another man's arm.
9: A cow that is bent down near a fence and feeding from the grass.
9: This is a baseball player running towards the rest of his team smiling.
9: a plate with a waffle and fruit on a table
9: An oven next to a fridge in a room
9: Several colored umbrellas hanging from wires on a street.
9: A person standing on a dock near a beach flying a kite. 
9: Two dogs sitting on a car seat wanting to get out
9: an image of a couple that is skiing and on skiis
9: Two zebras that are standing in the dirt.
9: A bunch of people flying kites not to far from a festival. 
9: A sitting area is located in a corner of the room.
9: A man on a surfboard riding an ocean wave.
9: A man in a suit is resting a bat on his shoulder.
9: Two men are standing in front of flags and shaking hands.
9: A girl is holding a novelty tennis racket in a very large size.
9: A girl is sitting barefooted on a bench.
9: a woman and daugher playing a wii game while a toddler watches
9: A person with a water board doing a flip.
9: a small bathroom with a toilet and a trash can
9: A man rides a motorcycle with a girl on the back.
9: three zebras standing in line by the water so they can drink together 
9: The black and white dog lays on the floor in front of the chair.
9: A woman swinging a tennis racquet on a clay court.
9: a black gray and white cat a laptop and a bed
9: There is a boy swinging at a t-ball
9: Red traffic signal on street with snow covered mountains in the distance.
9: Two views of a living room show before, and after redecorating.
9: A man with a water bottle sitting on a bench
9: Two people sit at a table with two pizzas.
9: A stoplight that has a bicycle on it.
9: A girl looking at something as a pizza sits by her.
9: there is a man standing in the mountains next to a motorcycle
9: Children are playing soccer on a grassy field.
9: The jockeys are racing on the backs of horses. 
9: Someone holding out their hand with a pair of scissors on it
9: A man has his hand up to his ear as he walks past a bridge. 
9: A woman in a dress holding an umbrella by the fence.
9: two people jumping skate boards into the air 
9: Men speak to each other on the rugby field.
9: a bedroom that has a bed and a dresser in it
9: two adults and four children white water rafting
9: a couple cutting their wedding cake with a knife.
9: Individauls gathered outside a building and an American flag at half mast.
9: A baseball player swinging at an incoming ball. 
9: TWO PET DOGS ARE ON A LEASH 
9: A stir fry of mushrooms and broccoli topped with sesame seeds in a wok.
9: There is a girl eating a sandwich, she has blue eyes and her nose is pierced.
9: black cats sleeping on a big bed in a shady room
9: Early evening calm at the local boat marina.
9: a little girl laying among a lot of teddy bears
9: A kitchen with a lime green pain job.
9: A  bathroom sink with a tooth shaped toothbrush holder
9: A black vase with a couple of flowers sticking out from it.
9: A laptop with a colorful screen is sitting on a table in a restaurant.
9: A kitchen with stainless steel appliances and counters.
9: A guy is doing a trick on a skateboard as others watch. 
9: A man who is trying to hit a tennis ball.
9: a man playing tennis hits a ball across the court
9: Two ladies are riding horses on the beach.
9: A person with a fur hat going down a snowy hill on a snowboard.
9: Public bus travelling down road past apartment buildings.
9: Several wine glasses placed on a glass table filled with different wines.
9: some people are sitting in front of desks
9: A woman sitting on a couch with her dogs. 
9: A young man riding a skateboard down the side of a ramp.
9: The dog is lying under a blanket on the bed.
9: A pigeon perched on a car door handle.
9: A giraffe stares at a woman standing close to it.
9: A mostly white kitchen has dishes in the sink.
9: A man with a dog is wearing a life jacket and straddling a canoe.
9: A bear walks in the tall grass near the water.
9: At least nine giraffes live in the enclosure.
9: A book opened to a page depicting a motor bike race.
9: People at a meeting looking at their computers.
9: A man flying through the air on top of a skateboard.
9: A person is holding a small electronic device.
9: The group of seven snowshoes up the mountain side.
9: A batter has just struck the ball in a baseball game. 
9: A fire burns in the living room, with a rug nearby.
9: A man in athletic wear preparing to compete.
9: Little league baseball player at the plate with catcher catching the ball
9: A man is walking through some banana plants.
9: A man and a woman enjoying the Nintendo Wii.
9: A person wearing a snow board sitting in the snow.
9: The stuffed bear is suspended from a plant hook by a  long strand of gray pearls.
9: A picture of a metal bed with a quilt on it.
9: a person riding skis on a snowy surface 
9: A plane flying in the sky, as birds fly behind it.
9: There are plants on a table on an apartment balcony.
9: The bus has a huge advertisement on it.
9: Three orange hi-lo's sitting in a room. 
9: A toilet sitting on a cement pad outside.
9: A black and white photo of two men and a woman sitting on a bench, middle man is texting.
9: A man standing near a group of people with picket signs.
9: It is a foggy night by a traffic light.
9: The busuit has a piece of meat in it
9: their are a lot of rafts people can take into the ocean
9: Motorcycle being show off on a red carpet at a show.
9: A man is typing on his computer while a sandwich and a bottle of coke is on either side of him.
9: A vehicle and a motor bike on the beach.
9: Brown donuts sitting on top of a brown bag on the table. 
9: A man with a tennis racket walks with two tennis balls in his hand.
9: Food sits on top of a refrigerator covered in magnets.
9: Boy eating a donut with a box of Tim Horton donuts in his other hand.
9: a horse pulls a cart with some people sitting in it 
9: Four airplanes are flying up in the air in formation.
9: A very long submarine sandwich sits on a table.
9: A young boy taking a swing at a ball
9: A pizza with a variety of pasta on top
9: A flat pizza with toppings served on a cutting board
9: A bathroom vanity with a large mirror hanging on the wall
9: A few baseball players running around a field.
9: A BLACK CAT SITTING INSIDE OF A SINK IN THE BATHROOM 
9: a black cat that is staring at something
9: Colorful birds huddled together on a large branch.
9: A professional baseball game shot of the batter waiting for a pitch. 
9: A man on skis in the snow posing for a photo.
9: The giraffes share a bunch of green leaves.
9: A refrigerator that has nothing but water in it.
9: Skateboarder going down the side of a rail in a city. 
9: A young man is wearing a white shirt, red tie, and hat. 
9: Commuter bus near bus stop with passengers waiting.
9: a man is skiing on the snow in the winter
9: A large piece of pizza on a plate that's on a table.
9: Many young children play soccer on a field. 
9: A flock of sheep lie down in a field.
9: Double decker bus with people on the top floor on road.
9: Signs are blocking off a street for an art exhibit.
9: A group of office workers show off their computers.
9: A young giraffe trying to stand on the pasture.
9: A tennis player reacts to hitting a ball.
9: A lady is in her ski gear in the snow. 
9: A lovely appointed kitchen area with oval shaped island
9: a line of people stand behind a table with many bottles of wine as some of them sip at glasses of wine
9: a man is standing near a large truck
9: A street sign is hanging next to a traffic light.
9: Man playing tennis about to deliver a strong hit to the ball.
9: a woman in a skirt gets ready to hit a tennis ball 
9: A banana sits in front of a display of Christmas pottery.
9: a kitchen with a stove a dih washer and a mcirowave
9: A couple of small birds and a building.
9: A man swinging a racket at a tennis ball. 
9: Two people in jackets and helmets ride bicycles on a city street.
9: A clock tower in front of a large building.
9: a little boy standing on some pillows with a pacifier in his mouth
9: The beach is crowded red and white beach umbrellas.
9: A cat sitting on a bed behind a book.
9: Colorful passenger trains make their way on parallel tracks.
9: A plate filled with eggs, avocado and bread.
9: A train traveling on the tracks approaching a station.
9: A passenger train that is pulling into a station.
9: The personal size pizza has cheese and pineapple toppings.
9: a teddy bear that is sitting on a red table
9: A small gray horse standing in a field 
9: A man rolls his eyes next to a sign that says Who do you think you are?
9: A stop sign with two street signs above it.
9: Adult male pushing himself on a skateboard with a stick. 
9: A stop sign with another message than it's true one.
9: a man in a hat is holding an umbrella
9: a vase with some plants and vegetables in it
9: A man and a woman stand in between two horses.
9: A wave pushes a surfer off his surfboard.
9: Some elephants in a field  with some trees.
9: a person sitting on a bench using a cell phone
9: Cows are walking through tall grass near many trees.
9: some giraffes a building trees rocks dirt and plants
9: A man running toward tennis ball to return to other player.
9: A sheep dog herding a flock in the field.
9: Person in wetsuit with surfboard and wind surfing gear.
9: A young boy dressed in a pit helmet and tall boots.
9: Subway map art cow sculpture on the sidewalk
9: A small teddy bear being held up in the air by a string.
9: A plant in a blue cup on a windowsill.  
9: Two giraffes located next to the green areas 
9: The stop sign on the roads is an all-war stop sign. 
9: A green motorcycle parked in a parking space.
9: A stove, microwave and sink in a kitchen.
9: A brown bear walking in its zoo enclosure
9: A man riding down the sidewalk on a skateboard.
9: Exercising in a swimming pool with the help of his friends has been beneficial in his recovery. 
9: a person holding their suitcase and riding an escalator down
9: A woman sits with bundles of bananas at a market. 
9: Two pizzas with broccoli and tomatoes and other ingredients.
9: Bathroom with orange shower and mirror/cabinet curtains 
9: Several people running with a soccer ball on a field.
9: A double decker bus is parked on a city street.
9: People who are near a stop light and cars in a parking lot.
9: Elephant standing in a zoo enclosure on a sunny day.
9: Sandwich, fries and coleslaw are sitting on a plate.
9: A man riding skis on top of  snow.
9: Two giraffes standing around in an enclosed area.
9: a cat that is next to a toilet
9: An assembly line with doughnuts moving through an automated fryer on it.
9: A man wearing a costume is riding a skateboard.
9: All of the sheep but one in the mucky area are staring for a photo.
9: The tennis player is ready to return the ball.
9: A persons feet in front of a toilet with the lid up.
9: A boy in a coat holding a suit case and blanket.
9: An old black and white picture has old cars.
9: Young dark-haired male skateboarder coming off a ramp and airborne at nighttime under lights.  
9: A dog sits on top of a bed in a room.
9: A pair of scissors in front of a mans face in a room with red light.
9: a living room with a young person some couches and a piano
9: A cat standing under a metal chair that is placed in a yard and has a vase of flowers on it.
9: A boy getting ready to hit a ball with a bat
9: This table has a variety of breads, fruits, and vegetables.
9: a person snowboarding down a large snowy white hill
9: Several skiers in ski gear a gathered together.
9: A red double decker bus on a street by a tree.
9: Two kites flying directly overhead against a clear blue sky.
9: A stuffed teddy bear sits next to a peace pillow.
9: Boy holding an umbrella at the edge of a cliff.
9: A bear is leaning on a wall with his paws folded looking upwards.
9: A polar bear in water puts his paw on a cage.
9: A spoon sits in a bowl of carrots and asparagus.
9: A clock outside a building says the time is 4:30
9: Five men standing in the doorway of a building which is being used as animal quarters.
9: a table and chairs with silverware and plates a pan and bowl of food
9: a couple of motorcycles that are next to a road
9: A pizza with several different toppings in a pizza box.
9: A child is lying on the floor in a diaper next to a parent reading a book and brushing her teeth.  
9: Three elephants are walking down the street with people.
9: There are motorcyclists doing tricks on a ramp.
9:  some animal cutouts next to some cotton and scissors 
9: a crowd of people standing and sitting beside a lake full of little boats 
9: A man standing beside a parked motorcycle in the woods.
9: Elegantly dressed Vietnamese women greet each other as they pass.
9: Two flatbed trucks parked in front of each other outside.
9: a bath room with two sinks and mirrors 
9: Man walking across a street with baggage and other pedestrians.
9: A woman sitting on a chair under an umbrella.
9: a close up of a person holding a sandwich
9: An unusual street sign is posted here on this pole.
9: A black and white photo of a woman smoking a cigarette.
9: a man pushes a luggage cart out of a hotel
9: A bunch of people that are cross country skiing up a curved trail.
9: A french dip sandwich that is on a plate. 
9: A large white dog laying next to a bowl of dog food.
9: a blue bird is perching on a thin upright branch.
9: Some tasty and nice food ready to eat.

9: a little zebra biting its own tali 
9: A man standing in front of a tv playing wii.
9: A bedroom with a bed, TV and ceiling fan.
9: man getting off bus that is painted red, yellow & blue.
9: A lit candle is on a table where red wine is being poured into a glass.
9: A bicyclist pedaling through a cobblestone courtyard with benches.
9: A man sanding on a ski slope while holding a set of skies.
9: She is holding an umbrella there on the street.
9: A woman standing near a table with plates covered in food.
9: A person is tilting a man to the side in a restaurant serving pizza. 
9: Two giraffes in a zoo enjoy a walk and a snack
9: The young man in shorts tosses the frisbee to his partner.
9: A stop sign on a pole in a street.
9: someone that is holding a wii remote in their hand
9: A sign that is on the front of a train station.
9: A boy riding on his skateboard at a skate patk whike other guys watch.
9: a teenager on a horse at a gas station.
9: The large sculpture is next to a tower with a clock on it. 
9: There are many giraffes that are together here at a zoo
9: A cat is sitting on the keyboard of a laptop.
9: A girl taking a picture of herself through a reflection.
9: A corner of a rest room with a shower with glass walls.
9: A cute German Shepard sits in the midst of flood waters.
9: A man on a surfboard in the ocean, riding a wave as the water crashes behind him.
9: A plate has several vegetables and chicken on it.
9: A stop sign stands behind a street sign on Wake Forest Road.
9: The silver pick up truck is parked off to the side.
9: A small red plane with a motorcycle riding past it
9: A street corner with a brick building and a white sculpture.
9: Black and white cows sit in a pile of hay.
9: A young boy is recording a performance on a cellphone of several people.
9: The baby elephant is alone in the pen.
9: A man sits cross legged fixing skis on the floor.
9: Scenic boats daily travel the Thames in England.
9: A car with an inflatable raft on top drives down the street. 
9: A blender next to some tequila, a lime and a mixed drink.
9: A fire hydrant on a street is spraying water.
9: An eyecatching sign shaped like an elephant holding a billboard.
9: Men playing frisbee in a sandy area by a tent.
9: The view of two lap top computers on top of the counter.
9: A white sink sitting underneath a mirror in a bathroom.
9: A kitchen stove with spices and sauces on a shelf.
9: A stuffed animal with colorful decorations on it and clothes hanging on a wall.
9: A person flying through the air on skis.
9: some zebras are standing in some bushes 
9: Cement mixer and city bus stopped with traffic at a highway exit ramp light.
9: A black and yellow train engine next to buildings.
9: There is a clock displayed among several written signs.
9: A picture of some animals in the water.
9: A male tennis player swinging a red ratchet.
9: A person with different foods layed out in front of them
9: The woman is using her phone on the beach. 
9: Two horses walking through the woods together .
9: Two different laptops sitting on top of a desk.
9: A brown, black and white dog laying on a sofa.
9: Baseball players on the field are competing during a game.
9: A dinner plate with a colorful salad and grilled meat.
9: A black steam train rolls through a city.
9: some people are looking at different television sets
9: A child lays on a bed with a sheet.
9: A man prepares to get his hair cut at a hair studio.
9: Two surfers at sunset in the dark ocean
9: A woman in a cowboy hat hangs her arm over a horse's neck.
9: A young boy wearing a jacket rides a green skateboard down the street.
9: There is a salad and bread on a plate.
9: a keyboard sits on a table top 
9: Some planes sitting on a tarmac of an airport
9: A motorcycle parked against a curb behind a car.
9: A large green bus approaching a bus stop.
9: two brown and white cows on a hill some buildings and a mountain
9: This is a shot of a man doing a trick on his skateboard.
9: Children playing baseball with batter and ball in air on field
9: A large building with a giant clock tower.
9: a boy is riding a skateboard down the street
9: An old ship is docked on the shore.
9: Young man rushing to pickup a frisbee which has landed on a stone fence.
9: A kitchen with wooden cabinets and black appliances.
9: A doughnut is being held over a cup of coffee.
9: A glass of wine sitting on a table in front of a grey cat.
9: A hitter striking a ball while playing baseball.
9: The man is waiting in the bus and he looks sleep.
9: A bathroom with a squarish motif, square sink, square faucets, square mirror.
9: A police officer standing next to a no left turn sign.
9: A white sink and a toilet in a room.
9: A mama bear with her two baby bears in a field.
9: Two young men riding skateboards on a street next to a graffiti covered wall.
9: A man carrying a white surfboard out of the ocean.
9: A little boy is wearing a yellow paper tie.
9:  A TALL GATED TOWER WITH A HUGE CLOCK IN THE MIDDLE OF IT.
9: An office has one keyboard and two monitors.
9: A person holds an umbrella under a forest of trees.
9: A person skiing down a ski slope near a building.
9: Several birds overlook the skyline of a distant city.
9: A young girl is holding a ball in the field
9: a young boy in the middle of his bite of pizza
9: A fire hydrant in which someone put two eyes on it.
9: A person is sitting down holding a stuffed croissant.
9: Small tortilla pizzas are being prepared with a huge amount of toppings setting nearby.
9: a red and white train and a clock at a train station
9: A police officer riding his motorcycle in a parade.
9: Two large animals standing in a pool of water.
9: A blue, white and grey train passing over water on a bridge.
9: The baseball batter and catcher during a game
9: Television being admired by cat in the corner of the room.
9: baby sheep lie in a grassy field with their mother standing over them
9: A group of people sitting at a picnic table together.
9: a woman taking a picture in a bathroom mirror and a toilet and sink
9: A building is shown with a sign "Union Station" on top.
9: A pair of stuffed bears stand posed in front of a background.
9: Two brown and white cows in an enclosure.
9: A double decker bus is parked at a bus terminal.
9: Two skate boards with a pair of neon wheels.
9: A cat is laying on top of a closed laptop.
9: A view of an architectural building topped with a clock tower.
9: The horse is eating grass from the ground.
9: A very nice looking train on the tracks.
9: A yellow fire hydrant with a hat on top.
9: A couple of sheep laying on top of a pile of dry grass.
9: Two stuffed animals on a table look  like their making food
9: A long green school bus parked on pavement.
9: A tennis player attempts to hit a ball that's in the air.
9: A black cat is laying on top of luggage.
9: A hot dog that has some cheese on top of it.
9: A blue and white surfboard resting against a wheelbarrow in a backyard.
9: There is a plate of pizza with veggies on it
9: A man is taking a break from surfing, and laying on the board. 
9: A women standing talking on her phone and smoking.
9: A yellow wall in a bedroom with a multi colored bed spread 
9: A tenement building next to a church with a clock.
9: a large pizza that is on a pan
9: An old very dirty toilet with concrete floor and weeds growing through the wall.
9: a close up of a stuffed animal with a map in the background 
9: A woman sitting on top of a picnic table posing for a photo.
9: A cat is sitting on a chair in a garden.
9: Snowboarder holding a pink board being hugged by man in costume. 
9: Two women who are holding discs on a beach.
9: A view of a street sign many different signs on it.
9: many kinds of donuts on display in an asian market
9: a clock tower with a building in the background
9: a kitchen with a refrigerator a sotve and sink
9: A black bird is perched on the top of a wooden post.
9: A bed with an intricate wooden headboard and a patchwork quilt.
9: A side view of a pizza covered in onion
9: A man is working on a surfboard within his shop.
9: A vase of flowers is pictured in this image.
9: Variety of clouds flown on semi crowded beach.
9: There are a few items of graffiti drawn on the concrete wall by the street signs.
9: A couple of birds are standing together on a branch
9: Someone typing into a cell phone while sitting in front of a laptop.
9: A group of rams  huddled together eating grass.
9: A couple standing outside a door and a man sitting in a chair with a giant teddy bear. 
9: A bunch of glass vases that are in a glass case.
9: A woman sitting on a kitchen counter hanging something.
9: A red fire hydrant on a paved sidewalk.
9: a historical vase on display in a museum
9: A man is surfing on a wave in the ocean.
9: A billboard sign listing information for a beauty school.
9: The upper half of a man posing for a photograph wearing a suit with a blue tie and matching pocket corner.
9: Vase of blooming white flowers on a coffee table.
9: A person with a surfboard and skateboard on a street.
9: Three red buses are parked on opposite sides of the road.
9: Breakfast and a glass of milk is on the table.
9: A beautiful blond holding a tennis racquet on a  court.
9: A very tall and skinny building with a clock.
9: Two little girls are enjoying their pieces of cake.
9: A dog looking out the back window of a car.
9: empty room with the lights on and tv on
9: A green city bus loading up it's passengers.
9: A group of people walking through an alley 
9: A person doing an upside down skateboard trick.
9: Woman wearing yellow dress sitting outside of urban business.
9: a shop a car traffic lights and buildings

9: A bed that is made with a comforter and pillows with the statue of liberty on it 
9: A kid is laying upside down on a park bench.
9: A baby calf stands on spindly legs near a red barn.
9: An old fashioned train is seen amongst several sets of tracks.
9: Two dogs are lying on the floor looking out of a window.
9: A picture of a hotel room having just been cleaned.
9: The paint is almost all chipped away from the Stop sign.
9: A plane that is flying in the sky above wires.
9: a group of motorcycle riders stopped in traffic next to cars
9: soccer players are running after the ball together
9: Two donuts covered in chocolate sitting on a plate.
9: The two big bears are fighting in the water with one another.
9: a baseball player standing in the grass with a bat in his hand 
9: A traffic light with a street sign in front of a large orange building.
9: Horses are standing in a field outside of a crumbling castle.
9: A bunch of boats along side a river bank.
9: there are many people that are sitting on this bus
9: A large  black cat sitting on a desk
9: Three dogs are situated next to a door outfitted with a doggy door. 
9: A couple of men standing next to each other on a ski slope.
9: A fire hydrant with vines growing on it.
9: There are men loading a Green Tortoise bus.
9: A couple of men standing next to each other holding a blue umbrella.
9: A spoon next to a dessert inside of a bowl.
9: A beautiful young lady swinging a tennis racquet.
9: Several lights and clocks are in a shop.
9: a ball player running to reach the goal
9: Salad ingredients,  carrots, onions and some leafy green
9: A flock of sheep on a paved mountain road cause a traffic jam
9: A red clock with gold face and a crown on top.
9: a desk with two computers and laptop on top
9: Farm animal with her baby standing in the straw.
9: A man in a blue shirt and white pants wears a baseball hat and stretches his arm back while holding a baseball.
9: Man in white and red hitting a tennis ball.
9: Four signs hanging in a row are the forefront of a glazed glass luxury building in a city.
9: A picture of a old fashioned looking living room.
9: A close up view of some tasty looking food.
9: A brick ally way with an old wooden bench with people sitting and smoking on it.  
9: Motorcycle racer is up on his back wheel. 
9: Several boats in the water at a dock.
9: Police officers lined up in a row riding on horses.
9: A close-up photo of a bird perched on a tree branch.
9: A cat sitting on the ground while another cat sits on a bench.
9: A woman is playing tennis is a professional competition.
9: A small giraffe sticks its nose on top of a large rock. 
9: The Honda truck is proudly parked in this driveway.
9: A Sony camera and a cell phone are on a table.
9: Three zebras stand in tall grass near a wooded area
9: Two men ride in the back of a cargo truck with carnival like pieces.
9: The man are sitting outside looking at the bikes. 
9: A man and woman sit at a cake with a young baby between them.
9: Bus on urban roadway with celebrity name displayed on reader.
9: Large mirror over sink in a room with tiled floors and large window.
9: A red vehicle with a bike painted on it
9: A peeled banana and sauce on a plate.
9: A very messy bed covered with many books and a bear.
9: A man taking a self photo of himself, in a mirror. 
9: an elephant in containment with trees in the background
9: Black and white photograph of hands on a keyboard.
9: A shelf with a white and blue vase, artwork and black cloth.
9: A clear heart shaped jar filled with many colors of paper cranes.
9: RACE HORSE AND JOCKEY JUMPING OVER THE RAILS
9: a white tent cover and many surfboards in a rack and people
9: A old stove in a dumpster in a parking lot. 
9: Blue toilet in a small restroom with words written on it. 
9: Three people are in a small boat in a lake and one woman holds a red and yellow umbrella.
9: a person on a bike near a train 
9: Many cars stuck in traffic on a high way
9: A dog that is laying down on books.
9: two black and white seagulls flying and some water
9: a person in an elephant costume walking on a city street
9: a green phone booth and yellow fire hydrant on city street
9: a couple of women sit on top of a horse 
9: a kitchen with plastic bags on the floor
9: a person on skis makes her way through the snow
9: A women who is riding on top of a horse.
9: there is a small black bird sitting on a rope
9: a group of people that are wearing ski equipment 
9: a pizza inside of a card board box next to a wine bottle 
9: A group of skiers are on an upward slope in the dark.
9: A group of people are posing by an air force plane.
9: a child on a recliner chair with a laptop
9: An overview shot of people on the beach.
9: A green table with pots piled on it 
9: A cat is sleeping with its head on a computer.
9: A row of baskets full of vegetables in a street market.
9: An small dark jug positioned in front of a wall
9: Two brown cows sitting inside a fence staring out.
9: There are three dishes and a vase with two roses on the table. 
9: A Grey and Yellow cockatoo standing in place.
9: A man holding a smoking device by some tents.
9: A person standing over a toilet using the restroom.
9: A living room filled with furniture and a table with a desktop computer.
9: A man looking at something through a magnifying glass.
9: A table filled with plates of food and a bowl of soup.
9: A sandwich in a wrapper  on a table. 
9: A girl eats while standing in a green, grassy area.
9: Buses fill a downtown street lined with historic buildings.
9: A cat with a blue collar looking at a toy elephant.
9: A person is holding a smartphone which is plugged in
9: A man dressed in a dress shirt, tie and jacket.
9: A LITTLE GIRL IN A RED AND WHITE DRESS ON A CELLPHONE.
9: Curious sheep on a large, well used pasture.
9: A woman petting a cat and a sign along the road.
9: a couple of people on bikes are talking on a platform
9: A gray mesh park bench sitting in a peaceful setting surrounded by flowers and plants.
9: A group of skiers are preparing to ski down a mountain.
9: A cat and a computer mouse on the ground.
9: A dining room has a grandfather clock in the corner.
9: A young person rides a snowboard at night.
9: Surfers with their surfboards gathered at the shore.
9: A baseball player getting ready to hit the field. 
9: A person rides a motorcycle down a track near hay bales. 
9: a man holding a box with giant sprinkled donut
9: A woman takes pictures of people flying kits on a beach.
9: A young man sits at a restaurant looking at a huge banana split sundae.
9: a person in a blue jacket and is rowing a red kayak
9: A baby lamb is standing alone in grass
9: A group of children are flying kites against the white sky.
9: A woman on a beach is playing with a blue frisbee.
9: A group of people are holding umbrellas in the city as it rains.
9: A gray cat is looking at an upside down blue bicycle.
9: A close up of a front of a boat with another in the background.
9: A white plate topped with a bowl of pudding next to a banana.
9: Four ripe bananas on a tile counter top.
9: Two men in uniform are riding horses on a street. 
9: A peanut butter bagel is sitting on a white plate with several other food items surrounding it.
9: A striped cat sleeping on a bed comforter.
9: The baseball player leans down to catch the ball.
9: A shower with a tan tiled wall and white caulk.
9: The plane is flying high in the sky and the moon is fading in the background.
9: Three people are standing in the snow wearing snow skis.
9: A couple cutting the first slice from their wedding cake.
9: A man is leaning down on a green lawn.
9: A male chef preparing food in a restaurant.
9: A fruit stand in the middle of a busy outdoor mall.
9: A man flying through the air while riding a skateboard.
9: A very wildly decorated and colorful desk with a computer on it. 
9: The computer is at the desk in front of the window.
9: A view of a laptop bag and a bunch of electronics.
9: Two baseball players look on awaiting the pitch to be made
9: A person is on a bed filming another person.
9: A pile of fresh hair clippings sitting on a dresser top.
9: A man wearing blue jeans rides a blue motorcycle near a red motorcycle.
9: Many children sit around a person in a Santa costume.
9: A new tv on top of an old tv.
9: People are sitting on benches as they watch people walk by.
9: A cobblestone building with a tower protruding from the top.
9: a sickly pink fishing boat with a mermaid imprint on the side of cabin
9: A man is holding a back ready to swing as another man squats behind him to catch the ball.
9: A cat sitting on top of a microwave that is on a kitchen counter.
9: A Mobel Preiss truck moving down the highway.
9: Two kites shaped like World War 1 German biplanes. 
9: A bicycle leaning against a bed in a bedroom.
9: Two people walking in the water carrying their surfboards.
9: A hotdog with ketchup in a bun on a bed of lettuce.
9: A transit bus pulling into a camp ground area.
9: Plane window with plane wing and dense clouds
9: A group of people drive a big bus down the city
9: A head and neck of one giraffe and only the neck of another.
9: A large vase on the grass has white flowers in it.
9: A boy is playing with a kite in a wet land.
9: A person that is on a horse jumping.
9: some street signs on a pole next to a big building 
9: An unbaked pizza with cheese and herbs on one half and broccoli on the second.
9: A small fishing boat with two people on deck
9: A container with a meat sandwich and fork is sitting on the grass.
9: A group of men on a field playing baseball.
9: A kid about to ride his skateboard down a pool.
9: Tow men standing on a beach holding surfboards.
9: A computer chair, with a computer desk, with both a laptop and desktop on top.

9: The man and the girl are flying a kite at the beach.
9: A man with a wet suit on standing on a surfboard in the water.
9: A pair of bright yellow shoes are by a suitcase.
9: An old bench sits beside a pond where a goose is wading.
9: A green vase filled with multi colored candy canes.
9: A person on skis going down a snow covered hill.
9: Two elephants facing each other touching trunks in an enclosure.
9: This is an urban area with many apartment buildings and a bridge in the background.
9: A bathroom that has a yellow sink and toilet.
9: THERE IS AN IMAGE OF A BUSY STRET WITH THREE LANES OF HEAVY TRAFFIC
9: A man hitting a tennis ball during a tennis match.
9: A square in the floor with two foot holes.
9: Two giraffes share a branch that they are eating
9: a bear  wandering across the wilderness of grassland
9: Two double decker buses sitting parked near each other.
9: Three people smile hugging in front of a city bus.
9: a woman swinging her tennis racket while playing tennis
9: A woman holding an umbrella on a dock.
9: A wind up clock with key in a display case.
9: A lot of people that are sitting on a table.
9: A birthday cake with many candles on it next to a knife.
9: A small red plant similar to a banana plant.
9: Cute boy dressed in neck tie and making a silly expression
9: The giraffes are grouped together on the desert plane. 
9: a bunch of elephants are standing together in a pin
9: A blue fire hydrant on a brick road 
9: A woman stands in front of an open laptop. 
9: A man jumps to hit a tennis ball.
9: A giraffe leaning over with it tongue sticking out to get a drink.
9: Stop sign "ALTO" on residential corner, grey sky background.
9: A girl in a park with trees catching a frisbee.
9: A electronic toilet plugged into the wall in a small bathroom.
9: White bathroom sink with tile countertop and wood cabinet.
9: A commercial kitchen filled with stainless steel equipment.
9: The stop light has snow accumulating on it.
9: Cars are stopped at a red light on the snowy road.
9: A crowd of people standing next to tall buildings flying kites.
9: A bird is standing on top of a car.
9: A television that is on top of a dresser in a living room.
9: A desk is cluttered with trash, books, and a computer.
9: A traffic light at an intersecection without a lot of traffic.
9: A light is shining through a kitchen window.
9: A happy woman holding a pair of new scissors.
9: A male tennis player sitting and wiping his head with a towel.
9: Large white boat docked at a dock with multiple trucks.
9: a tennis player is serving the ball to his opponent
9: A man looks at his phone while he walks by a food cart at a store.
9: Man standing up to bat in a batting cage.
9: A man standing in front of a laptop computer.
9: Large bunch of green bananas on the tree. 
9: A set of werid flowers in a vase.
9: A woman talking on her cell phone on the sidewalk.
9: A young boy reading a book on top of a child's bed.
9: A bright city street with a stop light and a big Christmas tree.
9: A bunch of zebras are standing in a pin together
9: A brown dog with long curly hair wearing a name tag.
9: A blurry image of a stop light on a street corner.
9: An inflatable cartoon balloon on a beach in front of buildings.
9: A group of apples sitting on top of a set of stone steps.
9: A computer mouse with other desk items nearby.
9: Two different shots show piece of pizza at different stage of consumption. 
9: A cyclist at a biking convention riding his bike.
9: Plate with vegetables and slices of bread with hot dogs on them. 
9: an asian man in a dress shirt and tie posing for a picture.
9: A nice looking living room with some nice chairs.
9: A woman in a bathroom while a man takes a picture.
9: A close-up of a man with a blue striped shirt and brown dotted tie.
9: A woman standing next to a red and white umbrella.
9: A surfer in the ocean on the crest of a wave.
9: A woman in orange is sitting on a bench.
9: Two people that are sitting in chairs under an umbrella.
9: A sales person selling his wares on a older wooden cart. 
9: a trio of motorcycles parked next to an r.v.
9: A woman that is standing next to a giraffe.
9: A man falling to the side off of his surfboard 
9: A grey and white cat standing in the grass in a parking lot. 
9: An airport filled with jets parked on top of it's tarmacs.
9: A parking meter is covered with a piece of white paper.
9: There is no picture or image sorry sorry
9: Delicious looking meal of some type of stew and colorful broccolli
9: snowboards and snowboarders standing at the bottom of a run.
9: A dog is riding in the car in the back seat.
9: a blender and a bunch of junk are piled together
9: The men were outside playing a baseball game.
9: A train on the side of a snowy mountain side.
9: A man and a woman walking in the snow with a dog. 
9: Rows of train cars of various colors next to trees.
9: A well browned baguette with a hot dog baked inside.
9: Some people are snowboarding down a hill of snow. 
9: A man is drinking water from a red bottle.
9: A man riding a save on top of a surfboard in the ocean.
9: a couple of zebras are standing by a tree
9: Young boy preparing to swing at pitch during baseball game.
9: Two person walk down a city street with a person on moped behind them
9: A junky room with stuff all over the floor. 
9: A man on a skate board at the top of a pike.
9: An elephant swinging its trunk inside of a pen.
9: A bunch of teenagers in a classroom with laptops and books.
9: Some wild animals are in the grass and trees.
9: A man is balancing a neon yellow frisbee.
9: Train rolling down opposite set of tracks, industrial area in finest
9: A small plate holds pieces of assorted fruits. 
9: The surfer is working on riding the big wave.
9: A family walking down a street carrying luggage 
9: A pasta salad with broccoli and tomatoes in it. 
9: Two people on horses on a beach readying for a picture
9: A woman is rolling a piece of luggage.
9: A man that is standing on a motorcycle in the water.
9: A view of a desktop computer that is online.
9: This is an image of two planes at the airport.
9: Three animals walking down the a busy street.
9: A surfer standing in the ocean holding a surfboard.
9: A herd of jersey cattle eat and sit in a pasture.
9: a woman taking a selfie of herself brushing her teeth 
9: A man with glasses and wearing a tie poses for a profile picture.
9: A fire hydrant painted white with black dots on a street corner.
9: A bathroom with his and her mirrors and sinks.
9: Two men loading up the back of a truck
9: A dining table holding a microwave and a toaster.
9: A single toilet in bathroom with a tiled floor
9: a very big  fridge with nothing inside it
9: A young man wearing a suit coat and a tie.
9: a large staircase in a commercial building with a large cube clock hanging above it 

9: Decorative hate being old out of rapping to eat
9: a group of people walk through a rain storm
9: Three images of a male doll wearing a shirt in three different fashions.
9: A yellow school bus filled with dogs in seats.
9: A  large tour bus parked near a street curb
9: A finely furnished and well-lit living room in a nice house.
9: A young kid eating a hot dog while sitting on a van step.
9: a painting of some colorful flowers on a table 
9: This is a boy on skateboard about to go down a ramp
9: Several people on a motorized boat with yellow rain jackets on.
9: a kitchen with a refrigerator a sink and a washing machine 
9: A woman holds up a packaged hen with the refrigerator door open.
9: a bird is standing near a couple of cows
9: A woman on a bike that has a cat on its shoulders.
9: A man is holding a surfboard by the water.
9: A person in a blue coat is skiing down a slope.
9: A woman holding out her hands with some doughnuts.
9: A parking meter next to a pole wit street signs on it.
9: A group of people in a small boat in the water.
9: A woman in defensive stance on a tennis court.
9: Some cooked vegetables are sitting on a plate.
9: A girl sitting in a kitchen with a tiled floor
9:  the top view of plants growing up through holes in a vase
9: A very dark image of people and cars by a street.
9: A jumbo jet taking off  into the sky with its landing gear still extended.
9: A painting on a door of a cat going through a cat door.
9: The shadow of a lamppost on a wall behind a fire hydrant
9: A number of motorcycles parked in a line.
9: A BATTER, CATCHER, AND UMPIRE NEAR HOME PLATE 
9: A couple of large airplanes parked next to some buildings.
9: A man taking a bite of the doughnut.  
9: A vase is holding an arrangement of flowers.
9: There is a red rose in a clear vase of water.
9: A teddy bear holding a gun aimed at a stuffed sheep 
9: Two bear cubs are chained to each other outside.
9: There are some flowers arranged in two vases
9: a person sitting on a stone wall using a cellular phone.
9: A bowl that has vegetables inside of it.
9: A snowboard with a kite for surfing in the air 
9: A stark white small bathroom containing just a toilet 
9: A bowl full of noodles, meat and veggies. 
9: A public bathroom with sinks, urinals, and toilet stalls.
9: a couple of animals that are beside a fence
9: A dog inspects an open dishwasher in a kitchen.
9: A warmly colored bathroom sits unoccupied in fluorescent light.
9: A woman and man talking underneath an umbrella
9: A man sitting in the grass and holding a cell phone.
9: a little girl sitting in a chair holding a stuffed bunny
9: a white sink and a white toilet with a black lid
9: A lone bird soaring into the sky filled with clouds.
9: An old decorated elephant and its colorful rider
9: An elephant squatting in a river by other elephants.
9: A bathroom with a large blue covered litter box.
9: A man smiling while standing on his snow board. 
9: Luggage is sitting on the floor in front of someone's feet.
9: A flock of sheep grazing in the countryside.
9: A kitchen with dishes in the drainer leads into a bedroom.
9: A group of people flying kites at a crowded park
9: Someone did not observe the stop sign and now it is knocked over.
9: A shopkeeper preparing various colored umbrellas in front of her shop.
9: A refrigerator on a kitchen counter in trailer.
9: A woman lays on a bed in her underwear.
9: Half of a cake sits on a plate.
9: A kitchen with two chairs in the living room. 
9: Passengers waving from a the passenger car of a commuter train.
9: A man is posing with a racket in front of a fence.
9: A soda can, a pen, a cell phone and a fruit drink mix packet sitting on a table with a computer keyboard.
9: A skateboarder is featured at different positions on a ramp.
9: There is a street sign on top of a stop sign near a tree. 
9: A clean kitchen with stainless steel cabinets and a stove filled with pans.
9: A couple of planes getting ready to take off on a runway.
9: a living room with a table a chair a tv
9: A black cat with a tie around its neck.
9: A white three tier wedding cake covered with pink flowers
9: a room with a bunch of beds in it
9: A lone surfer is on the water riding the waves.
9: A blue and white city bus traveling down the street. 
9: A man purses his lips while holding up an orange in front of his face.
9: A couple rides an elephant next to a river.
9: The elephant is greeting the crowd with its trunk. 
9: A large compfy leather chair with a remote control and a laptop..
9: A group of stuffed bears are dressed like soldiers aboard a landing craft.
9: A cake that has a figurine surfing on it.
9: A red stop sign that is on top of a pole.
9: Boy and girl in a garden department with girl making a sad face at her cel phone.
9: Two people playing tennis on a tennis court while people watch. 
9: a yellow bus is coming down the tracks
9: Two elephants are walking towards the water puddles.
9: A small chihuahua sitting in front of a plate of food.
9: A living room scene with a couch and a television.
9: A yellow and black bowl holding noodles, beef and broccoli.
9: This is three cows eating hay from their stables.
9: A fire hydrant is standing on the sidewalk with two spouts.
9: Two little bears sitting on a weathered wood chair.
9: A girl eating a hotdog at a wooden table.
9: Small group of zebra's standing in open grassy area. 
9: The man is playing baseball in the field.
9: A plane parked on the cement near a few buildings.
9: The man is in the air after jumping on a snowboard.
9: Plastic grapes adorn the place where the rear view mirror used to be
9: A 'No Parking' sign hangs on two parking meters.
9: This is an image of a man with an umbrella.
9: A plate of french fries and a hamburger and coleslaw.
9: Cat sleeping on the hood of a convertible jeep
9: A desert topped with whipped cream is sitting on a plate. 
9: Someone on a beach holds his hands out wide while looking at the sky. 
9: Young women holding remote game controls while playing.
9: The dessert has spilled out of the pan onto the stove door and the floor. 
9: A person standing next to a skateboard on a corner.
9: A marina filled with lots of small sized boats.
9: A group of men and women around an island in a commercial kitchen.
9: A group of people in suits and dresses stand in a room with wallpaper.
9: Two zebras in a zoo one laying down and the other standing.
9: A distant shot of a Tennis player on the field. 
9: A white plate topped with meat, veggies and bread.
9: A sandwich with meat,cheese and vegetable with the top piece of bread slightly off.
9: A surfer rides a wave in turbulent water. 
9: A dining room is set up with white tablecloths.
9: there is a giraffe in a zoo along with a ostrich also
9: A steeple with clock and weather vane on a roof against clear sky through trees.
9: 2 formally dressed people pose for a picture
9: Two muddy elephants walking on path by stream.
9: A party platter with various foods and dip.
9: Pieces of luggage on a carousel at the airport.
9: Two woman on the beach holding their surfboards
9: A parket meter sitting next to a parking space.
9: two washing machines next to dryers and other appliances 
9: A fancy clock face is flanked by two angel statues.
9: a red and grey fire hydrant on a street corner.
9: A dorm or apartment bedroom is pictured with posters and a computer.
9: A group of people flying kites on a lush green field.
9: two boats sitting in the water near a boating dock 
9: A herd of sheep grazing in a field.
9: A street sign is above a do not enter sign.
9: White plate of meat,beans and an egg with coffee.
9: A boy is skateboarding on a leafy sidewalk. 
9: A woman riding on the back of a white horse.
9: A group of people are playing soccer on a field. 
9: A TV sits in a room with many other things. 
9: A girl holding a plastic umbrella that has leaves on it. 
9: A vase made out of a plastic jug with flowers in it.
9: a box with some big doughnuts inside of it 
9: A woman sitting at a table with a teddy bear.
9: A wooden table with many vegetables in plastics bags sitting on it.
9: A dog on a leash and people and bicycles in the background.
9: some colorful flowers sitting on vase on the wall 
9: A red car drives by a construction zone.
9: A urinal is made protruding out of the floor of a bathroom.
9: A black and white scene of an umbrella on the beach.
9: two cats stand on a toilet to peer out a window
9: A large grassy pasture with grazing sheep in it
9: A blue and cream-colored bus is parked on a cobblestone surface.
9: A shower that has a bar in it.
9: The boy is doing a jump on his skateboard.
9: We are looking at a brightly painted fire hydrant on the corner.
9: A guy putting different toppings on a pizza.
9: Flip phone indicating an evening tie, in hand of owner.
9: Black dog licking the face of a girl sitting on the floor.
9: A laptop computer sitting on top of a table.
9: A person bundled up wearing skiis in the snow outside of a house. 
9: The people are skiing in the snow covered area.
9: Two men ride horses on a dirt road.
9: A couple of women sitting and standing in front of a cake.
9: A mountain range with skiers going down the slope.
9: A horse in a grassy field set against a foggy mountain range.
9: A toilet seat with note reading "close the door when you leave."
9: A birthday cake with a tractor trailer on it.
9: a small child is eating a sandwich in its white container
9: a lady on an empty air plane posing.
9: A man is playing tennis on a blue court.
9: A female tennis player standing with a tennis racket in her hand.
9: A person jumping in the air with a tennis racket in their hand.
9: A street light shinning red in an urban setting.
9: A pizza is shown with various toppings on it.
9: A man is in the ktichen and the living room is painted blue.
9: The strawberries was sitting beside the tall glass of milkshake
9: a big blanket next to a window with light coming thourgh
9: The two giraffes are roaming the grasslands together.
9: a little girl smiling at the camera while holding a hair dryer
9: A man wearing a green hat and eating some food.
9: Several people standing around playing video games together.
9: A group of people sitting in a boat.
9: A doughnut with a bite taken from it next to a cup.
9: This restaurant provides laptop computers in the booths for each of its patrons.
9: Some sheep are seen at the far end of the field.
9: The fresh tiling around a bath tub in a bathroom
9: A woman carrying a kite board across pavement.
9: A man on a surfboard paddles through choppy water.
9: a dog that has jumped into the air with a red Frisbee in his mouth
9: Young men playing on the beach with a cow in the foreground.
9: A black and white photo of a street with many cars parked on the side.
9: A person is holding up their cell phone to take a picture.
9: An animal standing next to a white bird on green grass.
9: A man walking up a stairway near a statue in a town square.
9: A man in a suit and tie posing for a photo.
9: A husband and wife jointly cutting their wedding cake. 
9: An office work area with two computer monitors and a blue chair.
9: A boy stands beside a bicycle parked by a parking meter.
9: A modern style bedroom with black walls and bed sheets, pillows and textured walls.
9: A small cheese pizza is hot on the pan. 
9: A person that is doing a skateboard trick.
9: The large truck is parked by the side of the road.
9: A boat rides on top of the water.
9: An elephant wades through water while a small bird stays close by.
9: There is a plate filled with fries and sandwiches.
9: A table with a laptop, CD's and several Coca Cola cans on it.
9: A girl in a white outfit standing with an umbrella.
9: A group of small children riding skis down a snow covered slope.
9: A woman with a green umbrella crosses the wet street.
9: This is an image of woman playing wii.
9: The puppy is eating from a metallic bowl. 
9: a train at a standstill next to a platform.
9: An elderly man and woman sitting outside next to a table.
9: A Minnesota Twins bat boy running with a bat on a baseball diamond.
9: An empty bathroom with a sink, toilet, scale and brown towel 
9: There is a man standing alone side of a train 
9: A bear walking in the woods near several trees.
9: a bus drives through a snow storm on a road 
9: an old fashioned oven and stove with a pot
9: People board the blue bus with the two bicycles on the front.
9: Three suitcases and a lantern sitting on a shelf. 
9: A long-haired cat sits on a black leather desk chair.
9: A suitcase filled with yarn of many colors.
9: A hotdog with ketchup, mustard, and other toppings sitting on a plastic plate
9: Adults working in open office setting at desks.
9: A bird on a plank looking at water that's green.
9: a man is standing on a skateboard on a street
9: Closeup of various baskets of food that include bananas and potatoes.
9: An airport landing strip and apron area with an airplane parked and a grounds crew next to luggage equipment.
9: Young calico cat hides out inside the sink
9: A woman with a water hose spraying a lamb.
9: A reflective mirror at the junction of two hallways.
9: A silver bowl containing many carrots with long, green stems
9: A large glass table topped with different types of plants.
9: Two zebras looking for food near a tree.
9: Two chili dogs on a food tray with a drink.
9: A man poses for a picture on a snowy mountain on skis.
9: A couple is dressed formally and smiling for the camera.
9: A couple of pizza slices with olives and cheese by a ruler.
9: Two elephants touch as they look out from behind a cable fence. 
9: A messy bedroom has one red brick wall.
9: A bird is perched on a twig in the trees.
9: A tall brick building with a clock on the front of it
9: This computer set up has two monitors and an ergonomic keyboard.
9: A young couple baking almost naked in the kitchen with one another. 
9: A motorcycle up on a shop table in a garage.
9: The bird is sitting on the abandoned bench.
9: A boy in a baseball uniform runs on the diamond.
9: Orange cat walking across two red suitcases stacked on floor.
9: A park bench with a leaflet left on the armrest.
9: Two cows grazing under a rising full moon.
9: A purple banana sprout hanging from a tree.
9: A young man riding a skateboard next to cement steps.
9: Several ties that have been laid out next to each other.
9: A herd of sheep sitting and standing next to each other.
9: A sign on a street corner provides directions to popular landmarks.
9: A group of elephants that are grazing in a field.
9: Two guys in the bed of a white pickup truck.
9: A lady stand in front of buckets with various ingredients. 
9: A cat lounges inside a packed luggage trunk.
9: An elephant walks around his exhibit at the zoo
9: Grilled chicken, french fries and a salad on a white plate.
9: Closeup view of a stop sign with a black background.
9: A street sign is painted yellow and white.
9: a cat with its head inside of a toilet bowl
9: A man in a white shirt and gray pants walks toward a grassy area as kids in baseball uniforms and an umpire are near him.
9: Fuzzy photo of two trains going to the same direction of two of many tracks.
9: A man is in mid air doing a skateboard trick.
9: An old jalopy truck with a flat bed in a car show.
9: 4 men play a game on a park bench.
9: A FAMILY AT THE BEACH HAS HATS ON AND UMBRELLAS UP
9: a red motorcycle is parked in the dirt
9: a tiled kitchen with a fridge inside of it 
9: A person in a restaurant holding a plate of food.
9: A an demolished building with equipment left there.
9: A set of tracks with subway car in front of several tall building cranes.
9: A bathroom with toilet, hand rail assist bars and toilet paper.  
9: a women that is standing next to a motorcycle
9: A man in an apron slicing bananas onto dough.
9: A person holding a dog on a leash with cows grazing nearby.
9: Two people look at a computer screen together.
9: A man and a women who are in the kitchen together.
9: A group of people skating around red obstacles.
9: two men walk down the street holding tennis rackets
9: a drain a shower a sink and a cupboard
9: A man is standing in a room holding a Wii controller.
9: A cat sniffs the keyboard of a computer.
9: A tree with no leaves has a piece of fruit on it.
9: Child holding tennis racket in middle of court looking to get call
9: A household kitchen of some sort during the night.
9: a person that is skiing down a snowy field
9: Lone skier is skiing down the mountain surrounded by pine trees.
9: A street view of intersection with people and buses in the background.
9: A man dressed in a suit holds onto a fish.
9: A cat lying on a hard wood floor in front of a bookshelf.
9: A zebra walks through brush in a captive area
9: Two cats standing beside a window looking out of it.
9: A lady with a black umbrella over her head and a child with a red rain coat and matching umbrella.
9: A man asleep on a toilet in a bathroom.
9: A bench in a park covered and surrounded by snow. 
9: a close up of a person with a pair of scissors 
9: Man and child on a Kawasaki motorcycle near an open garage door.
9: A couple of slices of pizza and a glass of drink.
9: A batter prepares to swing his bat as the catcher awaits the pitch.
9: Young adults stand in front of a girl and a large wall painting.
9: A boy playing a video game on a TV. 
9: a giant four level frosted chocolate cake on a plate
9: A long living room with a ceiling fan is seen here.
9: A stop sign on a pole on a street.
9: A young man performing a skate board  trick at a skate park.
9: A couple of performers are checking a mobile device.
9: A woman standing by a building with a cell phone.
9: Bride and groom feed each other piece of cake 
9: The man with an orange headband is hitting the ball.
9: Two owls sitting together on a tree branch.
9: a girl in black and white returning a tennis serve 
9: a person riding skis on a snowy surface 
9: A closeup of a personal sized pizza on a plate
9: A white plate holding a chocolate cake filled with frosting.
9: A woman flying a kite over a sandy beach.
9: Two zebras walking inside a gated green, rocky area.
9: A vase with a flower arrangement in front of a window.
9: A plate has a small piece of meat and lots of broccoli. 
9: The dog is affectionately tackling the annoyed cat.
9: Dog and his human walking partner relax in a park.
9: A baseball catcher kneels while throwing a ball.
9: A computer arrangement of two monitors, a camera, key board and mouse on a desk.
9: A group of long horn bulls in a field.
9: a living room with couches and a lamp
9: Two shiny bears are sitting next to each other.
9: A line of skiers trek across a snowy landscape.
9: There is an empty kitchen with an open cabinet.
9: This is a broccoli salad with various topping on it. 
9: A man preparing food at a kitchen counter 
9: a brown and black horse some water grass and trees
9: Some coated meat is on a plate with rice and zucchini.
9: A large group of people flying and looking at kites. 
9: there are many umbrellas on this street here
9: An elephant with red on it's face in the water. 
9: Plated sandwich and chips and bottled tea on a desk.
9: A slice of pizza sitting on top of a plate.
9: A red fire hydrant on the corner of a sidewalk
9: Two yellow trolley trains are on the tracks.
9: A train travels on a train track next to an open field.
9: It looks like the cat is using the laptop.
9: A child holds a racket with a hat on his head.
9: A person that is about to go skiing in the snow.
9: Bottles and a glass sit on the ground with boats in the background.
9: A small child is playing on the floor and is surrounded by torn up pieces of paper.
9: A woman holding a tray of food in a kitchen.
9: A cat is sitting on the dashboard of a car.
9: A glazed donut sits on a plate inbetween a fork and a knife.
9: A cat closes its eyes to nap on the edge of a sofa.
9: Two women standing in a train station looking at their phones. 
9: A man and child standing on top of a lush green field.
9: A blue vase filled with pink flowers next to a window.
9: A man holding a drink and a video game controller.
9: A guy holds a stuffed bear in front of the camera. 
9: A bucket is sitting on the floor of a bathroom.
9: Two zebras are nuzzling up to each other.
9: Men and women running on a grassy field.
9: a man is posing in this photo wearing a suit and tie
9: a street sign crossing with the sky in the background 
9: Multiple people are sitting around working on computers.
9: The small kitchen has wood cabinets and a dish washer.
9: Two people are posing in front of the cake. 
9: A person who is walking on a beach holding a surfboard.
9: A blue motorcycle is parked on the side of a street.
9: Sheep graze and relax in a large grassy field
9: Man holding back dog while sheep are held in a holding area. 
9: A construction site across a body of water.
9: The tower in town has a clock displayed on it. 
9: some people and a white and black bus 
9: One microwave on top of another next to some basic condiments.
9: A guy skiing down a snowwy maintain slope.
9: A bed is shown with a canopy over it.
9: a male and a female in a dress and a laptop
9:  a man sitting at a table with a laptop on it
9: A man and a woman are playing video games in the living room. 
9: a close up of a computer mouse and keyboard
9: A young boy laying on top of a bench next to a tree.
9: Three people walk across an empty baseball field. 
9: A man that is on ski's in the snow.
9: An elephant sticking out its trunk in a grassy area. 
9: A black and white photo of a batter and pitcher on a baseball diamond
9: a white and red jet is parked at an airport and some cars and trucks
9: A man in a diner holding two baskets of sandwiches.
9: a table with two pizzas, plates, spatula, utensils, seasoning, drinks and salads.
9: twp desk with computers, laptops and other electronics
9: A face of flowers is below an ornamental gold and white ceiling.
9: A woman statue holding a pitcher and basket in a garden.
9: Two toilets and some boxes are sitting on a sidewalk.
9: A giraffe that is walking in a field.
9: A couple of giraffe standing next to a zebra near a rock wall.
9: a yellow light is hanging above a city street
9: Red train on tracks near tall trees at station.
9: An umbrella is opened over an outdoor table.
9: A man having just thrown a baseball and a bud light advertisement in the background.
9: People are walking by a blue train next to a mountain.
9: A woman and a cat sleeping in the same bed.
9: A man who is holding a blue Frisbee.
9: Two elephants standing next to each other inside of a cage.
9: A young man stoops to open paint beside a pink object.
9: Hanging frying pans in small, tidy commercial kitchen.
9: An organized table with shelf above including a telephone, flowers and alcohol. 
9: a number of people standing near a number of sheep 
9: Old fashioned, restored, old fashioned black vehicle in a garage
9: A dog and a women in a fake train.
9: A cake with green and white frosting and a golf theme.
9: A subway train pulls into a subway station.
9: A man on skies standing at the top of a mountain.
9: an image of a sub sandwich with meat and veggies on it
9: A lunch of salad, loaf of bread and panini sandwich.
9: Some people are sitting on the benches and relaxing. 
9: A sandwhich, a salad and a drink on a tray.
9: A batter swings a baseball bat as the catcher prepares to catch the ball.
9: A black and white cat sits on top of a fridge in a kitchen.
9: A silver stove that is in a kitchen.
9: Downward angled picture of meal for two on a white table
9: Meat and broccoli in sauce are in a bowl.
9: A man is standing outside with his skateboard.
9: Two people sitting on a bench looking out over the ocean 
9: A woman sitting on a ledge talking on a cell phone.
9: A car sits by the corner as some people stand by it.
9: A young boy watching a model train display
9: a plate of meat with broccoli and a knife
9: Young men are preparing to board a small passenger plane.
9: A baby girl has her hand on a laptop and looks upset and about to cry.
9: A pair of hands holding a cell phone.
9: A commuter train stopped at a station with a city in the background.
9: A collection of electronic items and cords sitting on a couch.
9: A lady in a kitchen reading a book and holding a cooking spoon.
9: A woman riding skis on the side of a snow covered ski slope.
9: a coupe of people stand on a rocky hill top
9: A computer set up on a glass desk.
9: A man holds a baseball and winds up to throw it.
9: A woman buys oranges and bananas from a stand.
9: People playing tennis together on the tennis court 
9: Someone skiing in the snow on their skis. 
9: A lady lady selecting the freshest fruit she can purchase.
9: This is an image of a man next to a motorcycle.
9: A pizza crust is being put into a toaster oven.
9: Baseball catcher catching a ball that appears to be high and outside.
9: a cat that is sitting over a keyboard
9: some teddy bears dressed and posed for a picnic 
9: A red train parked under a sheltered station area.
9: A clock is sitting next to a list.
9: A house cat looking at it's own reflection in the bathroom mirror.
9: A dog that is herding two sheep while people watch.
9: Breakfast on the train prepares the worker for the day ahead.
9: Several sheep dotting a grassy hillside near a mountain range.
9: A computer that is turned on with piles of paper to the side
9: the black bears are fighting in the water
9: Two dogs lounge on a bed in a colorful room.
9: A chair and a computer in a room.
9: An ornate tower in a Gothic or Gothic Revival style of architecture.
9: a person standing on a pair of skis  on top of the snow
9: a little girl that has a dog on a leash
9: Two laptops and a travel mug on a desk
9: A young person sitting on a wakeboard while holding an oar.
9: Professional baseball player about to throw the ball
9: a motorcycle parked next to a building with graffiti 
9: three stop lights hanging high up in the air
9: A display of fruit including grapes, papaya, melons and pineapples.
9: a man swinging a tennis racket on a tennis court
9: Men putting bags and gear into a moving van
9: Three people skiing a hill during the day.
9: A skate board rider doubled over getting ready to make a jump.
9: TWO GIRAFFES EMBRACING ONE ANOTHER IN THE GRASS
9: A boy holding a frisbee while standing in the sand at the beach.
9: A desk holds onto to a laptop and two monitors. 
9: A young girl covering her mouth as if she did something incorrectly.
9: A man is playing with a Frisbee in a field.
9: A tennis player serving a tennis ball during a match.
9: the table has different food on it, mostly pizza
9: Bins of apples inside of a fruit stand
9: a woman is playing video games in a room
9: A man in front of a large pizza doing a hand signal
9: A group of people on a beach with vintage motorcycles.
9: A large room with wooden floors and a bookshelf.
9: Two girls holding Wii controllers, playing video games in a living room.
9: A full refrigerator stands with its door open. 
9: A surfer in a wet suit, just starting to stand up on a surfboard

9: A very large building with the sun shining through the windows.
9: Two brown dogs are playing on the dirt.
9: there is a man drinking a beverage with food 
9: A close up of a stop sign in a small town.
9: A hotel bed has a rosy red glow coming in.
9: A black-and-white photo of a street scene with old cars parked along the road. 
9: a little kid all dressed up in front of construction equipment 
9: A large four-tiered whited frosted cake with purple trim displayed.
9: A herd of horses gathered at the top of a hill.
9: A little girl sitting at a table with plates of different flavored donuts.
9: Two boys are sitting upright in bed near a nightstand.
9: A green vase with several red roses in it.
9:  A group of wheeled suitcases next to a DO NOT ENTER sign. 
9: A woman sitting on a horse with a number on her back
9: Two females hug their dogs while sitting on a pickup truck tailgate.
9: The skier is coming down the snowy mountain.
9: Tanks being transported on a flat bed trailer
9: a colorful painted parking meter on a sidewalk.
9: A woman is running on a field kicking a ball.
9: A desktop computer sitting on top of a desk.
9: An orange cat lies down on top of a sofa. 
9: A busy street is lined with sidewalk and fire hydrants.
9: A sheep on a farm standing on a white fence.
9: a couple of cars sitting on top of a hill
9: People gathered in a courtyard during a rain storm.
9: two surfers and one is surfing on a wave
9: Small loaf of bread sitting on the table next to blue plate. 
9: A group of people holding umbrellas stand near a car.
9: A lovely, pink flower bouquet in a clear glass vase.
9: A cat enjoying the warmth of a laptop.
9: A building with a clock tower and a bird statue on top 
9: A young child eating food with a plastic spoon.
9: Eleven girls in tennis outfits pose for a picture with their racquets on a tennis court.
9: A sheep dog crouches near a flock of white sheep in a grassy area.
9: A cake topped in powdered sugar and a small serving of ice cream to the side.
9: this is two people playing a video game
9: A picture of a person doing a skateboarding trick.
9: Clouds with a rainbow in the sky of an open field with zebras grazing on the grass.
9: Two baseball players and an umpire are standing on the field.
9: a plate of food with various items on it.
9: A rustic kitchen where somebody was making a peanut butter sandwich. 
9: A train by a plaza full of people.
9: A group of people who are riding skateboards in a skate park.
9: a bathroom with a sink and a toilet in it
9: A man sits on a pebbled street in front of a red light
9: A busy runway with buses and luggage carts driving around
9: A large tower with a flag flying atop of it.
9: Large yacht moored in populated area near mountains.
9: An animal covers its face with one paw.
9: A woman sitting in front of a pizza covered in toppings on a table.
9: Four parade balloons flying over a grass area.
9: A yellow necktie tied around the neck of a statue of a man.
9: two people riding skate board down a steep road
9: A group of bananas sits on a table trough a set of bars. 
9: there are two people that are standing in a farmers market
9: Two men who are talking next to a truck.
9: A group of people watching a boy skateboard.
9: A woman carrying an orange basket with a man nearby.
9: Large metal refrigerator with a digital interface on the door.
9: Rodeo riders on horseback are chasing a cow.
9: A game of baseball where the batter is up to bat.
9: A tennis ball sitting on a tennis racket.
9: Car with window down and dog sticking out while taking pictures
9: The food and drink are sitting on the table.
9: A long bus driving down a street under a traffic light.
9: Two shirtless men playing frisbee in a field
9: a camping safety pack open on the grass showing its contents
9: A clock in a large lobby area of a station.
9: A living room with a tv, couch, coffee table, and fake tree.
9: A kitchen area with a wood stove for cooking
9: A group of cute stuffed animals in a bed.
9: two kids skiing on a slope of snow near a tree
9: a cow near a road near many trees 
9: A woman is using her laptop while her cat is sleeping on it.
9: there are two very tall giraffes eating from a bowl
9: A large metal vase of flowers on a table.
9: Those trains are passing each other on the track.
9: A man carrying a bag walking down the train tracks. 
9: A young person is riding on a skateboard.
9: An all White bathroom with a bathtub and a toliet.
9: Two kid touching food that is on a kitchen counter.
9: Two people on horses ride through a field. 
9: A yellow and red bus about to make a left-hand turn.
9: A sandwich is on the plate and an apple is off to the side.
9: Lady reaching high to hit a tennis ball.
9: two people looking at a laptop on a desk
9: a street with cars parked on the sides 
9: a very large room with some furniture in the inside
9: An airplane coming in for a landing next to a large tower.
9: a train that is on a train train track
9: A man who is standing on a beach.
9: Two men in  a room playing video games
9: An in floor c toilet next to a water container with dipper.
9: a person standing on a tennis court holding his tennis racket pointing down
9: Two young kids playing on a Nintendo Wii.
9: A woman hides her face behind a blank sheet of paper.
9: A cat sleeping on a small rug on a tile floor next to a scale.
9: A bus pulls up to a village on a near empty road.
9: A view of a city and a body of water from a plane. 
9: An orange train waiting at the train station
9: People all riding there bikes at night time .
9: A wooden bench in a grass field with a tree.
9: Some horses are being led In a field
9: A dog is very interested in a pizza that is on the table.
9: People standing behind a gate, looking at motorcycles that are parked on a brick road.
9: An assortment of colorful bicycles are on the rack near the road.
9: A young dog relaxing with his or her human at the end of the day
9: Crates of carrots, cauliflower, celery, radishes, and onions.
9: A family of zebras standing in a field of grass.
9: A black cat drinking out of a cup on a night stand.
9: A person holding a baby up next to an elephant.
9: A blue shirt and a Frisbee on a bed.
9: pasta shells and broccoli sprinkled with Parmesan  cheese
9: Camera equipment is set up in a room with vending machines in the background.
9: A bench is sitting in the snow on the hill
9: A couple of foreign language signs near a brick wall.
9: Three people are wearing snow shoes traveling down a snowy hill. 
9: A cut open sandwich reveals layers of ingredients.
9: A man sitting on top of a wooden bench.
9: A green suitcase sitting on a wood floor.
9: Many people are out there and having some fun.

9: There is something that looks exceptionally fascinating here. 

9: A giraffe that is standing in a field.
9: A woman is in the dark with her hand to her mouth.
9: A group of people drink bears and snack while some hold video game controllers.
9: some people are playing with a white frisbee
9: A tennis player is poised ready to hit the ball. 
9: A powered on laptop computer next to a speaker on a desk.
9: a computer keyboard sitting on a laptop keyboard 
9: The sandwiches are filled with some kind of salad.
9: a person in glasses is holding a white plate
9: A man sliding into home plate as another catches a baseball.
9: Four women, two holding open umbrellas; one up and one down, one clapping and one with two fingers up, and one man standing in a row posing for camera on a brick street with shop behind.
9: A woman operating a microwave in a kitchen.
9: A wooden desk with a lap top and a desktop monitor
9: A surfer on his surfboard doing a trick while riding a wave.
9: A wooden table containing papers, scissors and a tape dispenser.
9: A tall tower connected to an old building.
9: Black and white photograph of a woman holding three apples.
9: A refrigerator in a basic kitchen with bottles on counter.
9: A man and a woman standing next to each other.
9: A small kitten sitting on a pallet of wood looking back.
9: Some bananas are for sale at a store.
9: A man is posing for a self photo
9: An orange is dimly lit against a black background.
9: A kitchen that has a stove and a microwave.
9: A man on a surfboard with two people swimming behind him.
9: a stuffed animal sits on a messy bed
9: A man cutting over a pizza that is in a box.
9: A man sitting on a trunk exhales a puff of smoke.
9: a red and silver train is coming down a hill and snow
9: A smirking young woman surrounded by stuffed animals.
9: A lady with an apple falling towards her shoulder.
9: A couple of bathroom sinks sitting under a bathroom mirror.
9: A cat sitting in the chair with two remotes on the arm of the chair.
9: A red tray that has some food and an orange drink on it.
9: A father watching his child play in a homemade fort in a living room.
9: A brown bear standing up that almost looks fake.
9: two giraffes are looking at something in the distance
9: A man rides on a skateboard at night time. 
9: A man and a boy are looking at a set of police motorcycles.
9: Two girls are after a soccer ball during a game.
9: A bathroom with a toilet, counter, and mirror.
9: A table full of fresh green bananas for sale.
9: A man skiing on top of a snow-capped slope
9: A girl with a yellow umbrella smiles for a picture.
9: a man holding onto the side of a surfboard in the water 
9: People raising a variety  giant kites into the sky.
9: a couple of toilets in a bathroom with a wall between
9: A person jumping over a hill on a snowboard.
9: A sandwich is sitting in a white plate on top of a wood table.
9: A large group of people flies kites in a field of green grass.
9: A wooden bench that is on a stoop. 
9: a big clock sits inside of a building 
9: A skateboarder jumping during a skateboarding trick at sunset.
9: A boy holding a baaeball bat at a game
9: A large and long blue bus parked next to an old man.
9: A man is riding a motorcycle down a narrow country lane.
9: Two adult sheep eat at the green grass.
9: People dangle their feet off a dock in front of a colorful power boat.
9: A black and white dog wearing a hat in a field.
9: An airplane is parked in front of a large building. 
9: A person in black skis down a mountain slope.
9: A delivery truck with graffiti spray painted on it's side.
9: veggies and dip in a red tray, a sandwich and fries in a red tray and a pizza
9: A dog sitting inside a cage, in the dirt.
9: THERE IS A BOAT ON THE GRASS IN FRONT OF THE YARD 
9: Young girl combing the hair behind her head.
9: Birds on sand in the middle of a body of water with a man kayaking on the water nearby.
9: two brown white and black birds and some tin foil
9: The batting line up is pinned on the fridge so everyone can see it
9: A man stands ready to field the ball in a baseball game
9: Large group of elephants with men dressed in blue riding them.
9: Young child looking enthused over some dessert on table
9: there are lots of pieces of tape on the floor and a pair of scissors
9: The cat is sitting on the floor beside a pair of tennis shoes.
9: A holder of bus schedules taken during the travel
9: an umbrella some notebooks a cellphone and many other items
9: A stuffed alligator lying on top of a neat bed.
9: An interstate exit sign with an arrow going to Rue Paul Street.
9: There are two people dressed up in formal attire
9: A woman proudly presents a delicious cake with special frosting designs.
9: A view of a street intersection and the back of a stop sign.
9: A woman with a suitcase reading a book on a train platform.
9: a toilet with an unusual green seat and back
9: A man eating a meal outside whole another man works on a laptop.
9: An older man is skiing on a sunny clear day.
9: a little girl sits on a swing with a stuffed animal 
9: A bird standing on the sand near a body of water.
9: Men play a vigorous game with a flying disc.
9: A blue and yellow train is traveling down the train tracks. 
9: A red food truck has a crowd of people by it.
9: A smiling girl with a piece of bread in her hand.
9: The ingredients for a bacon, lettuce, tomato sandwich are on the table.
9: A dog is wearing a santa hat and red sweater. 
9: Vase of flowers sitting on a table in front of a light.
9: THERE ARE GIRAFFES THAT ARE WALKING IN THE WOODS
9: a room with a tv in the corner, 2 guitars, a fireplace and a painting on the wall
9: a baby with a pacifier sleeping in bed 
9: Three zebras stand in a grassy area in the wilderness. 
9: A baseball player waiting for the ball to be thrown in front of a crowd.
9: A woman that is standing in the grass with an umbrella.
9: A dining room table set with an entire meal and candles in the middle.
9: A young girl smiles brightly over a chocolate birthday cake.
9: A bathroom area features a white sink, towel and granite counter.
9: Green fields with shrubs and gentle rises and dips in the terrain has a large black cow standing on it, face-front, and a second one that is looking around at the other one.  
9: The elephant is saddled up with a chair on its back for passengers.
9: A plate with bananas, ice cream and soda on it.
9: A couple of giraffe standing on top of a dry grass field.
9: A man sitting by his computer with his dog.
9: a bedroom with a fireplace and a walking glass entrance.
9: A pizza with many toppings is on a on a table in a silver pan.
9: A group of people are playing baseball on a field.
9: A couple with dogs, luggage and a child
9: A useful umbrella by the roadside has lost it's owner.
9: a batter swinging through and missing a pitch thrown.
9: A person sits on the sidewalk bench near a flock of birds.
9: Two people look on as two others play a video game.
9: A group of people riding skis on top of a slope.
9: Old church with a clock tower and a vintage stone wall.
9: The two plants are in a mesh basket.
9: A LARGE CROWD OF PEOPLE SITTING ON THE SIDE OF THE STREET WATCHING A PARADE
9: A plate of pancakes topped with whipped creme and blueberries. 
9: A white plate topped with food sitting on a table.
9: There are many people ready to ski on this beautiful day.
9: A stop sign for all directions next to a side walk and intersection. 
9: A lab with refrigerators and a man sitting nearby in an office.
9: train tracks in an x shape iin the middle of some streets 
9: A man in a top hat and tuxedo driving a horse and carriage down the road.
9: A cup with various cars emblazoned on the side
9: a bunch of people standing inside of a boat 
9: a train stopped at a port with its doors open
9: Flowers are arranged in a vase sitting on a table.
9: Young men are loading surfboards into an old car.
9: A couple of white toilets sitting inside of stalls.
9: Two men in ski gear posing for the camera.
9: Two shirtless men playing Frisbee in a grassy area
9: Two people walking down the sidewalk with a "wrong way" street sign directly above them
9: A young girl is on a little tiny skateboard with handles.
9: A person checking a parking meter next to a mini van.
9: The horse rider is leading the pinto pony along the beach.
9: A table with two jars and a vase with a single flower in it.
9: A plate of potato chips and sandwich, next to a glass of water.
9: An airplane approaching for landing over the water.
9: Several train engines are lined up next to the main railroad track.
9: A man standing with suitcases of different colors.
9: Pair of people riding on a horse and cart down town.
9: A train moving on a bridge over the mountains.
9: A motorcycle sits near a door on a walkway
9: A man sitting in a chair using a laptop computer.
9: A meal is being prepared on the stove in a kitchen
9: a man standing beside a large truck in a parking lot
9: A snowboarder is is the air over the snow.
9: a big giraffe stands in a dry terrain 
9: A group of highly animated men, one in a suit and tie, the others in T-shirts.
9: a young kid is getting ready to throw a baseball 
9: Reflection of a car off the face of a black microwave. 
9: People wearing safety vests stand in a parking lot.
9: there is a man holding a skateboard and flying a kite
9: A man poses for a picture with his snowboard
9: A man wearing a blue shirt is using a laptop computer another person with a checker shirt has his laptop screen facing outward.
9: A bunch of umbrellas that are sitting on the ground.
9: Fresh basil leaves give added flavor to any pizza.
9: A skateboard propped against a wall with a graffiti painting of a man.
9: A street view of a city at night.
9: A young woman is carrying a red umbrella.
9: A man jumping in the air holding onto a pole.
9: A man sitting on a bench with his legs crossed. 
9: A sandwich with prosciutto and artisan bread sits inside a bag.
9: Two chefs are making dessert for a restaurant. 
9: some body boarders water sun sand and clouds
9: A giraffe standing in his enclosure at the zoo.
9: Man prepares to throw a frisbee in an open park. 
9: A cat that is standing on a couch.
9: A blue train is moving from the train station
9: A can of coke is sitting on a desk next to a laptop and remote
9: A crane stands on the edge of a rocky shore. 
9: a zebra and a giraffe in the wild
9: A sad teddy bear thats is falling apart and wants to be fixed.
9: A big and a small elephant out in the sun 
9: A group of motor scooters sitting in a parking lot.
9: A small bear nestled in high up in a group of trees.
9: A woman talking to a toddler with a cake on the table.
9: A tawny horse in a holding pen looking at the camera.
9: A cluttered bookshelf with children's books and a teddybear. 
9: People are holding fruit while on a path through the plants.
9: Woman walking on pavement while talking on cell phone.
9: a little girl standing in a living room while holding a big remote 
9: A marble counter top with an inlaid sink.
9: this is a train coming down the rails
9: An elderly man sitting at bus stop beside "storm trooper" with suitcase and wearing a fedora. 
9: A group of people pose with three bicyclists. 
9: a man standin on a sidewalk on a hill
9: A picture of a bird sitting on a tree branch
9: A living room area has a wooden floor a gray couch and chair and several tables and lamps.
9: The man in blue is holding a snowboard while the man behind waves. 
9: A grey car is turned right at a stop light and a hazard sign was in his lane.
9: A couple of white bathroom sinks mounted to a wall.
9: A policeman walks down the street by the stop sign.
9: a man standing talking on his phone in front of a building
9: A group of people riding on the backs of horses.
9: The  painted vase displays the owner's  garden perennials 
9: A baseball player up to bat swinging at a baseball.
9: A white bathroom with a toilet with a raised lid. 
9: view of baseball players down on the mound. 
9: Two young cats eat catnip off of the carpet.
9: A baseball game is in process with a player who is up to bat. 
9: a empty bottle laying next to a banana peel
9: A picture of a lot of girls and boys in front of a building. 
9: Several buses are lining up on the street.
9: A magazine, glasses, a plate with food, fork, and a cup sitting on a table. 
9: A group of stuffed animals that are cleverly arranged together.
9: Boys and girls ring on skateboards at a park.

9: Two young children holding a large teddy bear.
9: That is not exactly the world's most healthy meal.
9: a bright building near a regular brick building
9: The inside of a coffee shop with a big sofa, chairs and various lights and signs through the shop.
9: two planes flying by in the sky in a line 
9: a large boat in a large body of water
9: A little girl is standing between several orange cones.
9: A giraffe and a wildebeest in a rocky field.
9: There white cows in grassy area with temples in background.
9: a photo of a subway as a train sits parked 
9: Some posts and the top of a bench are in high water.
9: A motorcycle, cars, and trucks drive on a road.
9: A person on a surfboard rides a wave.
9: Display of honey in various types of containers with a bear sitting in front.
9: A man in a hat and glasses is sitting on a boat with a dog.
9: A man sits on top of a large horse and has his picture taken.
9: Boy in a striped shirt playing on a tennis court.
9: Two young children trying to fly kites next to dirt road. 
9: A colorful train is waiting on the tracks at the station.
9: A tennis player prepares to swing at a tennis ball.  
9: THIS IS A PHOTO OF TWO MEN POSING IN FRONT OF A MOTORCYCLE
9: two very tall and white storage towers in a room
9: A man rides hits bike near a body of water
9: A large slice of pizza and a knife on a plate.
9: A pudgy man holds a huge hot dog and chips.
9: View of copper-blue round building in an old city district.
9: A bird is riding on a skateboard on the carpet.
9: a little cat sits in front of a bunch of bananas 
9: A person walking with a surfboard on a beach.
9: An empty hospital bed is positioned in the living room 
9: A building with a tall tower with a clock on it.
9: A car is driving on a street with other cars and signs.
9: A large tower with a clock beside a building.
9: A train comes around the bend on a scenic route.
9: a lady standing next to a white car
9: a man in a red coat that is walking in the snow
9: A giraffe standing in front of a tree with more trees in the background.
9: A zebra standing on top of a field next to a street.
9: A man performing a jump on a skate board in a parking structure. 
9: White and grey kitten lying on a messy green carpet.
9: two people in a red boat on water
9: Food sitting on a wooden table with decor in the background.
9: The girls are together at the table making pizza together.
9: There is an airplane flying in the sky above.
9: Buses lined up letting people aboard them. 
9: A photo of a crowd of people skiing down a hill.
9: A view of a group of people eating at a large table.
9: There are many sailboards and rafts at the beach.
9: The window of a bathroom is covered with red shutters.
9: Various beverages and preparation items on a picnic table.
9: Looking up at a man in a cherry picker fixing a street light
9: Two women sit at a table with wine glasses and papers.
9: Buses are driving down a street in front of a building.
9: The large bird stands on rocks near the beach.
9: A crowd watches costumed performers on an antique sailboat.
9: a close up of some vases on a window sill
9: A man in an apron showing others how he sharpens a knife.
9: A pizza is topped with ham and onions.
9: The young boy is riding his surfboard in the waves.
9: A woman wading through shallow water with a surfboard.
9: The man is trying to hear what is being said on his phone.
9: A fire truck is beside a yellow fire hydrant.
9: Police on motorcycles help with crowd control at an event.
9: rusted scissors out in the field with grass growing around it.
9: A man is walking in skies in the snow
9: Books are sitting in a room with a laptop, windows, and television.
9: a bench with a red cover sitting next to a tower with writing on it 
9: A poodle dog sitting in its bed made of wicker material.
9: A blue airplane is flying above the white clouds.
9: This is a woman displaying her white horse.
9: Assortment of cooked vegetable on white plate on table.
9: Several people on surfboards who are riding a wave.
9: Three slices remaining of a pizza in a box.
9: A herd of elephants walking in the tall grass.
9: A young boy and a woman standing besides each other.
9: A child holds a cylindrical object in front of other seated people in a large room.
9: A sign that reads "WATCH FOR SENIOR CITIZENS" sits on a pole on a residential street
9: A man holding an umbrella in a hallway.
9: A skateboarder at a skating park in the evening.
9: A stop sign on the corner of Spring Street and 11th Street.
9: A large red boat sitting next to a lush green shore.
9: A person that is riding a wave in the ocean.
9: A skier doing a high jump while another lays in the snow watching.
9: a couple of people standing on a peer 
9: Piles of vegetables are shown at a farmer's market.
9: A group of green apples in an orange bowl. 
9: The couple is riding the elephant by the water outside.
9: People are walking on the street by a homeless person.
9: A large train is traveling down the tracks. 
9: A young boy smiling while holding two bananas up to his face.
9: A large room that doubles as living room and bedroom 
9: A female on a cell phone in a car. 
9: A male student making the Vulcan sign and smiling.
9: a close up of a horse tethered to a carriage in front of a building
9: Several people posing while cutting a large cake.
9: The woman stands next to a tall giraffe statue.
9: Two people jump to catch a Frisbee while others watch.
9: A hipster standing between two surfboards while wearing sunglasses..
9: A bus stuck in the mud in muddy trail
9: A plane takes off over a grassy field
9: A man with a paddle underneath a shelf.
9: Two girls are keeping up with their friends.
9: an elephant outdoors next to a brick wall
9: fire in the background and food being made.
9: A white sink that has a necklace, a rubber ducky, toothpaste and some beauty items laying around them.
9: Zebra in a cage at a zoo next to lots of trees.
9: a white horse with a neck chain looking around
9: A man on a field holding a baseball bat.
9: Men in a kitchen of some sort on a resort.
9: A man riding a wave on a surf board.
9: A woman watching a frisbee fly just above her head.
9: A man pulls at his tie while smoking a cigarette.
9: a cat that is playing with some kind of mouse
9: A woman holding a tennis racket by the paddle.
9: A cute girl holding a plate with a cake and lit candles.
9: Two large slices of pepperoni pizza on a table.
9: A laptop computer and a book are on a bed.
9: A sandwich with toasted bread on a plate.
9: A cow and three baby calf's are laying in a grassy field.
9: A yellow, blue and black boat on beach next to water.
9: A bathroom with porcelain toilet and a mirrored wall.
9: A group of marine sportsmen prepare to hit the ocean
9: A picture of a boat going under a bridge in London.
9: A chef plating a sandwich using a knife
9: Two men sit on a bench on a sidewalk in a city.
9: Bride assisting groom in cutting a wedding cake.
9: A person on a surfboard riding a wave.
9: A young boy poses with a bat and helmet 
9: A flat bed cart with three large bunches of bananas and a tied lidded basket.
9: A bathroom that has a sink and a small mirror above it.
9: A cat under a table on a wooden floor playing with a jar.
9: Two white cows sitting in a farm area.
9: A stop sign turned away from the road toward an overgrown roadside.
9: some people standing and sitting around part of a building 
9: Two boys hold an orange frisbee with two stuffed animals behind them.
9: A policeman riding a motorcycle at a parade 
9: an image of a cat lying in side a box
9: Two people watching a jet airplane coming in for a landing.
9: A man hitting a tennis ball at a tennis court. 
9: A large jet flying over a an airport under a cloudy sky.
9: Elephant enjoying a drink of water in zoo.
9: A guy is doing snow boarding tricks in the snow while people are watching him on the sidelines.
9: some people with an umbrella walking at night and some lights
9: Street sign at the corner of Spencer and 6th Street.
9: A black and white photo of a camera on a bench.
9: a female in a black top and a white refrigerator
9: A couple of men viewing a large water spout from a fire hydrant.
9: A crowd of people looking at circus elephants.
9: A man sitting at a low table, eating food and talking on the phone
9: A couple of butterflys sitting next to ripe bananas.
9: Two people perform flips on skis in front of a crowd.
9: a man is riding a blue motorcycle outside
9: A cat walking on the floor under a cat on a shelf.
9: there is a snowboarder that has fallen n the snow
9: A dining room with hard wood floors that is very fancy. 
9: A building with two clock towers next to water at night.
9: A small dog being carried in a backpack.
9: A mini pizza with an egg in the middle.
9: two men and a dog paddling on surfboards
9: A bird sitting on top of a tall metal weather vein.
9: A couple of people that are playing a game.
9: A girl with a backpack walks through a crowded street.  
9: A drink that has a slice of an orange in it.
9: A Girl pointing a Nintendo Wii remote control 
9: A plane rests on the tarmac at the far end of a field and some buildings.
9: Man in wheel chair blowing out candles on a brown cake. 
9: Little girl sitting on an old parked motorcycle.
9: A living room with black leather furniture and chairs.
9: A cooked meal consisting of ham, broccoli, and potatoes.
9: A small pizza on a sheet of aluminum foil. 
9: A baseball player in the middle of a swing
9: a couple of boats are in a harbor
9: A sandwich is sitting on a black plate.
9: A black and white photo of a motorcycle, with writing in the reflection of a the motorcycle..
9: Person with umbrella talking to child on side of street.
9: A couple of men standing on a  tennis court holding racquets.
9: A woman and kid are flying a kite on the beach.  
9: Three skiers have stopped to pose for a picture.
9: Two airplanes sitting near a runway at an airport 
9: A cat laying on a wood bench looking into a camera.
9: a woman getting ready to reach for a tennis ball on the ground 
9: Four people gathered in the kitchen looking at a refrigerator.
9: A quiet kitchen features silver appliances and built-in cabinets.
9: A large giraffe walking across a lush green field.
9: A bird is posted on a rock by a lake.
9: A man surfing while other people watch him from the beach.
9: A pair of black bears move about in a field.
9: a close up of a dog with a cat and a mouse on its back
9: A group of people standing around playing a Wii. 
9: Several cross country skiers lined up on a trail.
9: A boy riding a skateboard on a rail
9: Four boats on the water on an overcast day
9: A bearded man onstage playing an electronic keyboard.
9: A close up of a seagull standing on the beach with the ocean in the background.
9: Two women walk outside, both holding up umbrellas
9: A young boy secures himself in a suitcase.
9: Blue bird on a branch painted on a white vase.
9: A store front window shows a variety of decorative cakes.
9: The man and the baby are sitting together 
9: A zebra eating grass in a grassy yard
9: A young child holding a stuffed brown teddy bear.
9: two elephants grazing in the grass behind a fence
9: BLURRED VIEW OF A MAN HOLDING BASEBALL BAT IN THE SWING POSITION
9: A baby girl standing up and holding a toothbrush in her mouth.
9: A mother elephant is pushing her little one along.
9: A man taking a photograph of skate boarders in the rain
9: Two people working on computers in a black room with green stars on walls.
9: Trays of pastries and sandwiches beside a bowl of soup.
9: a motorcycle is turned on its side at an intersection
9: The farmer is standing next to his horse and cow. 
9: A person using a pair of scissors on a metal container.
9: A couple of giraffe sitting in the grass.
9: The metal bin is full of oranges. 
9: A pizza with white sauce is on a white cutting board.
9: a couple of elephants out in a large field
9: an image of a woman throwing a Frisbee on the beach
9: Pancakes on a plate with banana, sauce and whipped cream toppings
9: Two children with helmets skiing in the snow.
9: a surfer holding his board looking at the water
9: Two men looking at an old tow truck in a parking lot.
9: A man on a bike pulling a dog in a cart.
9: The insect is flying around on the porch.
9: a man is cutting some food at a kitchen counter
9: a couple of sheep are in a corral together
9: That son is directing the bike riders where to go.
9: A group of people are playing baseball on a field.
9: Sheep blocking a dirt road in the country.
9: A decorated neck tie saying "Reel Big Fish"
9: A black swan has some wet grasses in its mouth. 
9: A rusted old truck sits by a field.  
9: Cows grazing in a field of dry grass by snowy hills
9: A variety of china pieces on shelves and cabinets. 
9: A group of people spending time by a pool.
9: Farm animals grazing in a large field surrounded by a wooden fence.

9: A couple of young boys kicking around a basket ball.
9: At the birthday party there are plenty of snacks. 
9: Several giraffes trotting and standing in a grassy fenced area.
9: a man and woman standing side by side in front of a table
9: A couple in a field with a guy on a horse going by.
9: an older gentlemen getting ready to hit the ball
9: a small glass vile is sitting on a table
9: The young men are on the beach holding the surfboard.
9: A street post with street signs and a one way sign on it, along with a building in the background.
9: This is an image of a dear crossing sign which is bent.
9: woman in tennis garb preparing to serve tennis ball
9: A desk with a computer, computer keyboard, mug, empty plastic bottle, red pen, and a laptop.
9: A black passenger bus navigating paved city streets.
9: A shelf holds a clock, candle, vase of shells, and a cat figure.
9: A bunch of clocks and some pictures on a table of some sort.
9: a black and white photo of some flowers in vases
9: A breakfast looking out of a hotel room.
9: Pedestrians on cobblestone roadway outside of city businesses.
9: various snack items, including baked goods, tomatoes, dip, carrots, bread, and other items
9: A player up to bat in a baseball game.
9: a grown up and some kids flying a kite
9: A picture of the president walking in front of a building.
9: service station signs cars and a stop light
9: A blue ice cream truck with people lined up for ice cream
9: a close up of a cat on a couch 
9: a person skateboarding in an empty parking lot
9: a person sitting at a table with a a plate of pizza 
9: A group of people who are in the water.
9: a woman is wearing a black and white tennis dress
9: a couple in animal orphanage feeding a giraffe
9: A large elephant standing next to a baby elephant.
9: a dog with a skate board in its mouth
9: a bathroom with a bathtub with a metal rack holding towels on it 
9: A zebra is relaxing near the rocks on a nice day.
9: Three friends look past a bottle of wine to the end of the table.
9: A man pointing to pots hanging from a pegboard on a gray wall.
9: A kitchen with a fridge, stove, window, and dining table.
9: A single bed sitting next to a wooden dresser.
9: A cluster of tall buildings are in the distance and one building has a white clock face on it.
9: A mother elephant and her baby are standing alongside a dry water pool.
9: a little arrangement of flowers sitting on someones table
9: Two men shake hands with a guard in a red uniform stands in the background.
9: Two people with headphones are sitting against the wall.
9: Two skiers moving across a snow covered mountain.
9: A pizza that is on a stack of plates.
9: A person running a long a beach when it is almost empty.
9: A giraffe stands in front of a ladder attached to a building
9: Some animals in the distance out in a field.
9: Plate loaded with mostly vegetables, sitting on a rough table.
9: Double-Decker buses line up at a bus stop.
9: A white plate topped with a pizza next to a drink.
9: A semi private restroom with toilet and privacy blinders.
9: Man and woman in fancy dress, with a parasol, posed on a lawn.
9: PEOPLE CELEBRATING WITH CHOCOLATE CAKE AND WINE 
9: A man playing a video game at a trade show.
9: a dog is pushing a skateboard while kids walk.
9:  A small pack of giraffes are looking in to the distance.
9: Across the street from a bank, a shirtless man with a green tattoo is skateboarding.
9: A man sits on a motorcycle with two women around him.
9: A canoe boat with 2 people sailing with mountainous background.
9: A frisbee and a guitar lay on a bed.
9: A cat looking directly into a magnifying glass on a table.
9: A spray painted bus is parked beside a minivan.
9: A man performs a trick on a skateboard over a rail.
9: A giraffe and a baby giraffe standing in an enclosure.
9: A group of people on a field flying kites at a festival.
9: A beach umbrella with a life preserver attached to it.
9: Two giraffe standing in the grass with necks bent looking down.
9: A man is walking alongside a subway train.
9: The room has two teal appliances in it.
9: A couple of zebra standing next to each other.
9: Surprised eater flashes a half eaten hot dog and a dollar.
9: A big road sign listing three different locations
9: A colorful bus makes its way down the street past a castle like building.
9: This intersection includes several signs to assist motorists.
9: A kitchen table surrounded by chairs in a kitchen.
9: A couple at a wedding cutting their wedding cake together.
9: A black bird standing on the ground near a toy.
9: A woman wearing a dark dress stands near a dismally small kitchen.
9: The kitchen supplies was hanging on the wall
9: A creature explores the inside of a sparse fridge. 
9: A clock in a building in front of windows.
9: A group of people crowded around small airplane. 
9: A man riding a dirt bike through a desert field.
9: Kitchen appliances outside a building with yellow doors. 
9: A man places a big bow on the windshield of a large vehicle.
9: A man swinging his tennis racket on a tennis court.
9: a man that is playing tennis on a court
9: A young man riding a skateboard down a road.
9: Man flies a kite while walking on a beach.
9: An elaborate lamp post clock in a traffic circle
9: a woman looking a mirror whiile brushing her teeth 
9: A girl and guy looking at a TV in a room with other people.
9: A small child sitting in the grass with a frisbee
9: Two remote controls are sitting on the arm of a couch.
9: A blue and white plate containing a dish of noodles, vegetables on white rice.
9: Two people on skis making designs in the snow.
9: 3 bananas sit in an ornate bowl on a table next to mail
9: a large white bathroom with shower, toilet and sink
9: A boy in a tall brimmed hat is working on an alarm clock.
9: A cameraman getting a closeup of two men holding a kite.
9: A man standing in a yard with green grass and holding a kite in his hand.
9: a red headed bird is standing on the rocks
9: there are several brown bears walking along the log
9: A horse grazes in a field by a large pond.
9: A street sign points out the direction of nearby buildings.
9: two separate sink bowls side by side in a bathroom.
9: a truck parked on a snow covered street 
9: The mirror catches a glimpse of the reclining cat.
9: people riding on the backs of some elephants 
9: A woman with a striped umbrella squatting next to a wall.
9: A person is flying a kite low to the green ground.
9: A small bathroom with sink and bathtub pictured.
9: Man with no shirt and lots of balloons. 
9: Zebra in natural savannah habitat grazing and looking at camera.
9: there is a man sitting at a table with pizza holding a glass of whine
9: A covered outdoor area with open walls that has a young girl walking on the dirt and a cow near her.
9: A young boy who is looking at a kite in the sky.
9: A person is holding a half peeled banana.
9: An overturned bus with a person wearing protective gear sorting through debris.
9: A woman is holding half of a sandwich while the rest of the sandwich sits on a plate.
9: An elephant walking down a dust road near some trees.
9: A person with a microphone standing by some people.
9: An adult and baby zebra near a wooden fence enclosure.
9: Two big bears wandering through the woods together
9: A baseball player pitching a ball on top of a field.
9: Two children hold up doughnuts to their eyeballs.
9: Unhappy females sitting at table with large pizza
9: a couple of street signs tha'ts next to a stop sign
9: A stop sign in a rural setting beneath a partly cloudy sky.
9: A woman holds onto a line and skis over a body of water.
9: A man wearing a mask on a sidewalk beside a street.
9: a woman playing with her dog in the field
9: The young girl is laying down in the big bed.
9: A wooden bench next to a flowing river.
9: A city street filled with lots of cars driving through the snow.
9: Man walking on beach with surfboard near ocean.
9: A large slice of cheesecake on a glass plate with a fork.
9: A plate with a sandwich cut in half.
9: a black cow inside of a gate on a cow farm 
9: Glazed doughnuts on cookie sheet near doughnut machine.
9: A woman sells cupcakes with fancy decorations on them.
9: A woman is eating some food and smiling.
9: A group of three people standing on top of a ski slope.
9: an oven built into a wall with yellow paint
9: there are many people sitting at a table eating
9: A commercial kitchen bus line with men standing around it.
9: A person with a green shirt holds a hot dog.
9: A toddler riding a toy vehicle by a fire hydrant.
9: A man seems to be taking shots of four Zebras. 
9: The cat is laying in the packed suitcase.
9: A pizza is topped with cheese and vegetables of some kind.
9: A train coming down the tracks with its lights on.
9: A hotel room with a bed and a chair and white walls.
9: A line of skiiers on the slopes and their skiis.
9: Female tennis player in pink and white outfit with crowd watching. 
9: A picture of a elephant in the wild.
9: two people on snowboards are riding the ski lift
9: a boat in the water with a city skyline behind it
9: A tennis player questioning the call of an umpire.
9: Three flower vases are in the middle of the table.
9: some people are watching a person play a video game
9: A group of people are flying kites on a beach on a cold day.  
9: An elephant standing in green grass next to trees.
9: Man in shorts and a t-shirt surfing in the ocean
9: A golden clock with eagles and flower designs on it.
9: a plate holding a half sandwich and a salad with a little bowl of dressing
9: A desk holding several items including a clock and an open book.
9: Decorated living area with desk and cabinets with television.
9: a train parked at a platform while people wait to get on it 
9: One adult female and two children are sitting at a table with food and drinks.  
9: A man holding the streetlights in his hands near a street
9: A small bathroom features a toilet, window and piping.
9: a big group of glass cups that are different colors
9: The child is sitting down while watching kites go by.
9: A traffic light that is green and showing it is okay to walk.
9: A man on a snowboard descends a snow-covered mountain.
9: A person standing in the kitchen by a microwave.
9: An elephant statue with an opening of various drawings on it.
9: This is a lavatory of an airplane.  
9: A woman and an elderly man are playing a video bowling game.
9: A woman standing next to a man in a  hospital room.
9: A woman wearing sunglasses, holding a partially eaten hotdog.
9: A plate containing a juicy entree and a side of green beans.
9: A stack of old suitcases are shown on the side of the wall
9: A black knife that has been set next to a keyboard.
9: The food and the alcoholic beverage are sitting on the table.
9: Two polar beers are in their cage a the zoo.  
9: A man is catching a frisbee while playing a game.
9: A man surfing on the ocean waters waves.
9: Two dogs and a cat lying on a bed
9: A kitchen with a refrigerator, a messy counter top and a bag of trash.
9: Two ducks are wading in a pond while another is sitting nearby.
9: A woman holding a red book in her hand while sitting on a bed. 
9: Two couples walking down the side walk in the rain, holding umbrellas.
9: A woman on her cellphone is wearing a wedding ring.
9: A grocery store with teddy bears and one is on the floor.
9: The man is ready to surf the waves on the water.
9: Those look like plantains or bananas that are not yet ripe.
9: a cow walking on a beach near water
9: A group of people on a court playing tennis.
9: A gourmet pizza is displayed on a plate.
9: It is very dark in the room and there are pillows on the floor.
9: A mans hand holding a television remote pointed at the TV
9: A man using his laptop sitting on the balcony with a water view
9: Purchased fresh fruits and vegetables on a table.
9: A flat screen TV in a living room in front of a brown couch.
9: two women hold a cake with a picture on it 
9: A large brown cow standing next to a baby brown cow.
9: A young man in yellow shirt blocking a soccer ball.
9: People on a tennis court with others watching.
9: A special toilet with an electronic seat and lid.
9: Two brown bears standing on the side of a hill next to a lake.
9: A man is swinging a baseball coming his way.
9: The fan is plugged into the wall next to a refrigerator.
9: A train is scene in the station with no people around.
9: A medium size herd of giraffes and zebras hiding in a small grove of trees.
9: Several people standing up and looking at laptops that are on a table.
9: A man walking with a sign next to a row of buses.
9: A view of a bench against a tree in the open.
9: A giraffe crossing a secluded road to the wilderness.
9: a teddy bear holding a stick next to  a block toy
9: Several toothbrushes in their holder in front of the bathroom mirror.
9: Expired parking meter at curbside in metropolitan street.
9: A cat sitting on top of a wooden chair.
9: A train station with two clocks suspended from its ceiling at night.
9: A skier is mid air hopping over a hill of snow.
9: A small airplane a few feet above the ground.
9: A desk with a monitor, keyboard and laptop on it.
9: Antique black and white photograph of someone on a horse in a flooded field
9: A man leans down and picks up a flying disc. 
9: Young man looking into the inside of a refrigerator through bottles. 
9: A brown teddy bear with a blud bib on that says baby.
9: A plane takes off from a runway while a large building stands in the background.
9: A women who is holding a red umbrella in the rain.
9: Two zebras walking through the dirt in their enclosure
9: Three older people are sitting on a bench while eating food.
9: A bear walking on a fallen tree in the woods. 
9: There are four old airplanes on a lot.
9: a group of people sit at a table eating
9: A woman holds a blue and a pink umbrella on a foggy day at the beach.
9: a close up of a cake on a plate on a table
9: a yellow and black sign and a white fence and house
9: A train going by in a large city.
9: A motorist on a jet ski flies by people on a boat.
9: A large group of people are sitting together at a red table. 
9: a man walking in front of a cinder block building near a stop sign
9: A person that is standing on a surfboard in the water.
9: There are computers and electronics on the walls and on the desk.
9: People are sitting on the ground petting a cat.
9: A woman placing a turkey inside an oven.
9: A yellow fire hydrant with a small guard bar around it.
9: a cat that is sitting on top of a blanket
9: Two surfers talking in the ocean while waves hit them.
9: a zebra eating grass with trees in the background
9: Three zebras crowd around each other in a painting. 
9: A man is reading a book sitting in a chair next to a television.
9: A cow is standing on top of another cow.
9: a man is looking at a tiny screen in his hands
9: A person is doing something by itself and interesting.

9: The man touches the snout of the brown and white cow 
9: a big long school bus that is parked by a tree
9: A person kicks a soccer ball on a field
9: a tall clock tower near a body of water 
9: A cake on a table with other desserts and pastries.
9: A giraffe in a sandy area next to trees and a rock wall.
9: a bedroom with a big bed and a door
9: the zebras are all eating grass in the plains
9: A green chair is placed next to a set of windows. 
9: a person parasailing in the water in front of some mountains
9: Two pans placed next to each other with fresh made pizza in them ready to be cooked
9: A bathroom has a slanted roof and red tile by the bathtub.
9: some blue red orange and white street signs and some people
9: A computer sits on a desk in an office. 
9: Two elephants that are walking in the dirt.
9: two giraffe in tall grass with green trees
9: A blue sign in front of a bamboo wall.
9: Four apples sitting in an apple shaped bowl.
9: A kitchen is transformed into a makeshift computer garage.
9: Some cattle are walking on a dirt trail
9: Looking down at the field as the baseball is about to fly
9: A black cat with big eyes laying its head on a keyboard.
9: a pole with a one way street sign as well as a few others 
9: Crowd of people enjoying a day at the beach.
9: Bowl of Asian noodle soup, with shrimp and carrots.
9: A baby tabby cat walking behind a bicycle leaning against a wall
9: A pink bus parked next to a garbage truck.
9: A cat on a chair with only one eye open/
9: Two zebras are stranding next to each other by a fence.
9: A photo of freshly baked bagels sitting on a rack.
9: Motorcycle sitting in front of a small black antique vehicle.
9: A field covered with snow has several sheep in it.
9: Two women in grassy area with a bat.
9: A bird sitting in a tree next to a citrus fruit.
9: A plant is in a vase of water mounted to the wall.
9: Two plates with two hot dogs on each plate and two foam drink cups
9: A collection of stuffed animals on a table
9: Several late model cars in a parking garage.
9: Commuter bus at station in urban area on sunny day.
9: A fuzzy cat rests on a patterned blanket on the couch.
9: A pile of trash next to a building.
9: a young boy sits in the grass outside
9: A television that is sitting on a desk with books underneath.
9: A baby giraffe standing next to an adult giraffe.
9: A white motor home parked under a cover.
9: A red bird standing on a car's side mirror looking into the car
9: A group of children in the snow on skis.
9: The cat is looking out the window wanting to go outside. 
9: A beautiful young blond in tight white pants holding a holding a baseball bat.
9: A toddler boy smiles while he brushes his teeth.
9: A view of two street signs one reads Elm and the other Catawba.
9: A bathroom with a sink, toilet and tub in front of a large mirror.
9: A family of five is posing for a casual photo.
9: Several people that are playing in a frisbee game.
9: a shirtless young man on a skateboard at the rim of an empty swimming pool
9: A pastry on a white plate on a table.
9: There are some baby ducks following their mother
9: A clock with an intricate and detailed design at the top.
9: Several people in a kitchen and one is standing at a sink.
9: an airplane with a red tail flying in a blue sky
9: A group of people in a small boat that is in the water
9: It is good to start young children in sports to learn camaraderie.
9: A woman hitting a tennis ball on the tennis court 
9: Two people sitting and waiting on opposite ends of a bench.
9: A man skiing alone on a sunny day 
9: The refrigerator is full of drinks and other stuff.
9: A woman in lingerie suggestively eats a sausage.
9: A white canopy hangs over a white bedspread with a book overlooking a woodland.
9: A jet ski rider does a flip in the ocean
9: A street sign is pictured in front of a brick building.
9: A woman leans on a lit up stop sign at an art exhibit.
9: A man flying into the air while riding a skateboard.
9: Two trains who are at a train station.
9: A person in a hoodie close to perched pigeons.
9: There are sheep in the park for people to see. 
9: A car with a load on top drives down a foggy beach.
9: A green refrigerator that is next to a shelf with a fan on it.
9: A pair of red scissors rests next to wrapping supplies.
9: A woman swinging a racket in her hand on a tennis court. 
9: A large man with curly hair and a goatee smiles.
9: A man surfing on his surfboard through the waves of the ocean.
9: A male snowboarder jumping over a small hill
9: a couple of surfboards that are stuck in the sand
9: A group of ducks in a lake swimming together.
9: A man sitting in a chair with a baby on his lap while a women is standing over them. 
9: a young kid stares inside of a toilet 
9: Multiple pizza pans with a variety of pizza on them.
9: a person standing in a living room with a nintendo remote 
9: A German guy in a funny shirt eats pizza with friends.
9: Two women, one with a black helmet and one with a red helmet sit on a white scooter.
9: a brown brick steeple with a white clock
9: A little boy sits at a table in a restaurant eating a slice of pizza.
9: some people riding bicycles a bus some cars at night
9: The man is flying his kite in the park. 
9: A cat curled up in a bathroom sink.
9: A cat drinks from a toilet in a bathroom.
9: Two toilets are on the curb for trash pickup.
9: A bright red train with a yellow face is being approached by people in the background.
9: a sink a silver oven some brown cabinets and a black counter
9: a big cabin cruiser and some other boats docked
9: Girls running after a soccer ball on a soccer field.
9: Perfect weather brings people to the park for soccer and kite flying.
9: A boy in white jersey doing a trick on a skateboard.
9: A person is riding a skateboard on a ramp.
9: A young man surfs in a small blue wave.
9: Two tennis players shaking hands over the net at a tennis match.
9: A man takes a profile picture of himself in a bathroom mirror.
9: A long haired cat sitting on a refrigerator
9: A man skateboards down an urban street with grafitti.
9: The yellow golf ball is next to the acorn. 
9: Two birds of different colors on metal bars.
9: a family standing in the yard to take a picture
9: A man is playing Tennis and looks ready to strike.
9: two zebras in a field near one another 
9: Young man swinging a tennis racket on a tennis court
9: A man is preparing to hit a tennis ball.
9: A man holding a sandwich in his hand.
9: a silver and black stove and microwave a sink and cabinets
9: a man dished himself up some pizza 
9: Bathroom with a black and white shower curtain
9: Person in blue hat is skiing in a competition.
9: A kitchen and dining area combined into one open space with track lighting on the ceiling.
9: A public bus is driving down the road past a rounded building.
9: THERE ARE PEOPLE THAT ARE WALKING ON THE STREET
9: A small child smiles and stands beside a large group of livestock.
9: A coil of yarn laying on top of an apple computer.
9: there is a rail road crossing at the corner of this street
9: A view of two pizzas on a wooden table.
9: A girl is smiling as she eats a hard boiled egg.
9: Miicrosoft  manufactures the latest electronic devices in the market

9: Four people are playing frisbee in a field.
9: Four sheep graze in a hilly field while the sky above them is blue with wispy clouds.
9: Tree is spreading its pollen in the winter.
9: Display for bananas with a euro money sign
9: Several different types of stuffed animals arranged on shelves.
9: A american flag painted fire hydrant with chains hanging at it side.
9: A field filled with people selling green fruit.
9: A red stop sign that is standing on a sidewalk.
9: THERE IS A MAN WEARING A TIE AND SKIRT 
9: A white wire shelf holding some toiletry items.
9: A fire hydrant is gushing water in a suburban setting.
9: n open refrigerator door exposing all the food inside
9: An orange is resting on top of two limes in a dish.
9: A pile of electronic wires and electronic parts.
9: The screen of a computer laptop displaying flickr.
9: a computer in a living room next to a couch. 
9: an image of a dog that is looking out the window
9: There are six varieties of frosted donuts in the box.
9: several zebras and other brown animals running in a grass and straw field
9: Airplane flying in the sky carrying the space shuttle.
9: Red and white street sign in the middle of the road. 
9: A multi-colored black dog laying on top of the sand.
9: A young man with an afro sitting on a skateboard in a dirt field.
9: A big clock is at the end of a pier.
9: A woman sitting at a table with postcards and a pen.
9: A man standing near the ocean with his surf board
9: A woman holding a tennis racket swinging at a ball.
9: This is several people at the beach about to surf.
9: Future baseball star about to hit a home run.
9: a bunch of cell phones lined up next to each other 
9: a man with a beard is holding a hot dog with pickles and mustard
9: A living area with a painting of palm trees and a toilet.
9: Two spoke tires with white walls are parked.
9: A plate of food that includes pizza, chicken, potatoes and green beans.
9: a plate of sandwhiches sitting on a table next to a cup of coffee
9: This is two zebras nuzzling each other's faces.
9: A table has chips, fruit, vegetable, and cake on it.
9: a man standing in a kitchen with a black dog staring at him 
9: a person in a gorilla costume and suit jacket with a number pinned to their suit jacket.
9: two big white birds are flying over some water
9: group of elephants are standing around a baby
9: A bathroom toilet with a toilet paper roll and seat cover dispenser.
9: Stuffed toys propped up as if they are reading and listening to a book
9: a close up of an open luggage bag
9: a bunch of fruit are piled together 
9: three elderly people sit on a bench near a city map
9: a women with a piece of pizza in her mouth.
9: many rooms well made with white sheets on bed
9: A produce section of a grocery store with a wide variety of fruits.
9: Two girls eating food with their hands for the camera.
9: A large vase next two to a other smaller vases.
9: a group of people with umbrellas stand in front of a building 
9: A child in a rain coat with birds surrounding them.
9: An orange cat sleeping under covers in a bed. 
9: a kindle sitting on top a covering with a pair of scissors
9: A child on a  bench with a clock tower in the background. 
9: Two zebras and a giraffee are seen at a zoo.
9: A group of young men engaged in a Frisbee competition.
9: A street sign at the intersection of Front Avenue and Seventh Street.
9: A pizza with salad and a glass of wine
9: Young man posing with his snow board inside a building.
9: A baseball player prepares to throw out a pitch.
9: A platform bed has a black pillow on it.
9: A glass of beer and a slice of pizza.
9: A dog looks interested as he sits in the front seat of a car.
9: The cat is licking the icing off of the cake.
9: a small plane taking off from a run way in mid air
9: Young male skateboarder displaying the design on his board. 
9: TENNIS MATCH WITH PLAYERS READY AND HOLDING RACKETS
9: A toilet, plunger and rug in a tiled bathroom stall.
9: A baseball game where the batter is about to hit the ball.
9: a brown and yellow train traveling on train tracks
9: The man and woman are playing a video game together.
9: A big black bear laying in the grass surrounded by trees.
9: Passengers wait to board a commuter train at a station.
9: Young bespectacled man cooks food on a stove top.
9: A large passenger bus is on the street.
9: There are three hospital beds in a hospital room.
9: a man sitting on a wooden bench holding an umbrella
9: Many people around a chocolate birthday cake with candles.
9: a woman looking up at a banana tree. 
9:  An elderly man and woman sitting down
9: A man and a young girl playing video games
9: View off the wingtip of a passenger airliner on a taxiway.
9: Boats are docked near a city with many tall trees.
9: A person cross country skiing on a winters day.
9: A pair of bright red handled scissors are being photographed.
9: Many kids eat donuts out of a box of donuts
9: A dump truck is pictured stopping at a stop sign.
9: A girl is sitting on the bed posing for a picture.
9: A clock on a set of statue displays over an entrance with columns.
9: A plate of food is displayed in this picture.
9: A fluffy white cat sitting on a laptop computer keyboard.
9: a sidewalk with a fire hydrant and ice
9: a small girl in a yellow shirt and a donut
9: A clock on the street shows that the time is 4:21 in New Hope.
9: A lovely picture of before someone specials wedding.
9: Laptop computer and phone on simple wooden desk on side of room.
9: A clock sitting on a chair in front of a tv.
9: Three people flying a kite with three smiley faces on it.
9: A used baseball sits in a baseball glove.
9: A crowd of people standing beside each other on the grass.
9: a dog jumping funny to catch a frisbee 
9: A youth holds a soccer ball while another youth is behind him, looking at the first youth.
9: An brown animal swimming in the ocean with only its head showing
9: A dog with his mouth open in front of his cage. 
9: A large number of law enforcement officers gathering around a crod of people in a public square.
9: Open toilet and reflected shower stall in a small, cluttered bathroom.
9: Passenger train approaching. With trees lining the rail
9: A red stop sign with a blue street sign on top of it.
9: A horse sticking its head out of a window.
9: a table with a plate of food and some eye glasses
9: a desert on a plate on a table next to a glass
9: Two plates with food are shown on white plates.
9: a man standing and checking out a bunch of hanging fruit on display
9: A bald man in a red shirt and glasses holding a wii remote
9: A man holding a tennis racquet in his hand standing on a tennis court.
9: A man wearing a suite and tie in front of a microphone.
9: A pair of giraffe standing and a third giraffe peeping. 
9: A group of people watching a skier on a track.
9: A Kenya Airways plane with red engine cover on the ground.
9: A woman raising a toast at a wine tasting, with a man and a wall of wine in the background.
9: Some boys in action on the soccer field.
9: A young child is holding a skate board next to some ramps.
9: A Giraffe standing in an area with dry grass and trees behind it. 
9: A sky view of several planes flying in formation in the sky.
9: A bird is sitting on top of the house looking
9: a close up of a plate of doughnuts on a table
9: a large old looking plane in the dirt
9: A desktop computer with a laptop computer next to it.
9: Two men standing in room playing a game with Nintendo Wii controllers.
9: A group of kids that are standing in the grass.
9: a picture of a grizzly bear in the wild
9: A man on the white sand has a surfboard.
9: A pizza with various vegetables served on a white plate.
9: A small black and white kitten sitting on top of a laptop.
9: A cat is sitting on a blue block observing an entertainment center. 
9: a horse pulling a cart with a person on top of it 
9: A group of people on a bust street area with one person holding a multicolored umbrella over head.
9: A group of young playing a game of soccer.
9: A man with a hat on riding his skateboard.
9: a yellow building tower clock next to shrubbery.
9: A police directing traffic on a busy street.
9: A picture of three people inside an old-time TV set.
9: an image of graphic art on a garage door
9: A bowl of organic food on a table.
9: A narrow bathroom is tidy and comes equipped with a litterbox.
9: A woman standing in a  kitchen baking bread.
9: A woman brushing her teeth while taking a picture of herself
9: a glass vase and some pink flowers on a brown table
9: A flock of birds sits on top of a large giraffe.
9: two men on skies standing on a mountain 
9: An iPhone resting in a bean bag holder.
9: A yellow and black train next to a train station.
9: A pizza with green peas and carrots on top on a table.
9: Inside of a bathroom with a cat resting on the toilet.
9: The door to a restroom is open, showing a sink and mirror.
9: A bathroom with a double vanity and a floor pattern.
9: A green and blue bus driving down a street.
9: A guy in action up to bat in a baseball game.
9: A picture of a stop light in the road.
9: A group of zebras walking near a stream
9: An umbrella with a cat sitting underneath it.
9: THERE IS A COMMUTER TRAIN ON THE TRACKS 
9: a child in a kitchen on a chair at the sink
9: A vase filled with flowers sitting on top of a counter.
9: a woman playing catch in backyard near grill
9: Four luggage bags are beside a couch and a cluttered coffee table.
9: A small white airplane that is parked at the airport 
9: A woman holding a shiny gold cell phone  in her hand
9: This is a bathroom with two different size toilets in it.
9: An elegant building with arches and round windows towers over the trees.
9: A number 56 double decker bus driving down the road
9: A smiling woman talks on a cell phone.
9: a train in a rural area covered with heavy snow
9: A woman holding a baby next to a caged bird.
9: a large zebra walsk across a big wide savannah
9: A man in uniform is leaning down talking to a young girl.
9: A formation of fighter jets flying through a blue sky.
9: A brown and white boxer dog sleeping on a red and white checker mattress.
9: A display of several different kinds of cakes.
9: A small dog and a large dog fighting over a banana.
9: A sign prohibiting skating on the sidewalk with black and red writing.
9: An intersection with traffic and street signs on it. 
9: An audience is looking at an film of a man taking that is projected onto a wall. 
9: A girl brushing her teeth in a black and white photo.
9: two brown and white bears and some plants 
9: A group of different types of birds standing around a lake.
9: THERE IS A TENNIS PLAYER PLAYING TENNIS 
9: A man with a hand bag standing in a lobby.
9: A picture of a public parking booth. 
9: A man wearing a suit coat, black shirt and a silver tie.
9: A cat with crazy eyes standing on a toilet.
9: A lady walks down the street with bananas on her head
9: Small, stylish pizzas on a table with red wine glasses.
9: It is the inside of a refrigerator with food displayed.
9: A pigs head on a plate with apples.
9: A man in a field grasps onto a large kite.
9: A landscape of a body of water with boats in it and benches in the grass in front of it.
9: Four umbrella's with chairs sitting on a beach near the ocean.
9: The inside view of a large decorated church.
9: A table topped with two pizzas with different toppings.
9: Giant clocks place on the sides of a tower in the distance
9: A women who is kicking at an umbrella from the ground.
9: A group of children are playing soccer on a sunny day.
9: A white cat sitting in a sink while licking its nose.
9: a parking meter at an awkward angle near a silver car
9: some plants sitting between a window and an oven 
9: A parasurfer on an orange board taking flight.
9: A mama elephant standing above a small elephant.
9: A lady in a dress sitting cross-legged on a wicker couch.
9: A bus stopped on a busy city street near some pedestrians.
9: A flock of birds, some on the ground others are perched on a park bench.
9: A young man cross country skiing on fresh snow.
9: Young adults in food in serving line at indoor event.
9: A surfer heads down the incline of a wave.
9: a sandwich and some chicken on a plate
9: A uniformed baseball player poses with a bat in the air.
9: A pooh bear holding onto a jug of honey
9: A metal faucet sitting on top of a sink next to a  coffee maker.
9: A woman putting on lipstick using the knife as a mirror.
9: A street light with a parking sign posted under it.
9: A tennis player prepares to hit the ball
9: A tennis player winds up a backhand shot
9: A bicycle parked on a rail next to some flooding water.
9: A wire fence containing various hair clips with a building in the background.
9: A man and women pose at a wedding.
9: Two women standing in the park surrounded by birds.
9: Lime green walls in a clean home kitchen
9: A restaurant is full of only men eating their meals.
9: A large blue plate with a pile of powdered donuts on it.
9: Multiple people wind surfing on rough water with a boat in the background.
9: Two giraffes standing in front of green trees, one with ears up and the other ears down.
9: A modern couch with pillows and a lamp on each side. 
9: A woman walking down the street texting on her phone
9: Lady swinging at tennis ball above her head.
9: Roadway intersection next to railroad crossing in urban area.
9: Two teddy bears are hung by an ear on a clothesline
9: A man in the air on a snow board at a snowboarding event.
9: A small office containing a desk, microscopes, a folding chair and a cat.
9: an image of a man wearing shirt  and tie
9: A baby pressing a key on a laptop.
9: A woman is riding her skate board down the sidewalk.
9: a couple of people are riding bikes in a market
9: a person holding a book in a book store
9: A living room with a couch, tv and fireplace.
9: A soccer game where a girl in white is dribbling ahead of the girl in blue.
9: A pizza on a ceramic pizza holder and underneath is another pizza and a guy has his hand in his mouth.
9: A couple of animals are being chased by a dog
9: Some very nice looking boats in the water.
9: A couple of people standing next to a bunch of old buildings.
9: A person holding a mobile phone recording a video.
9: a cat sits on a floor next to a mouse 
9: A horse looking over a hedge in a pasture.
9: A lone man on a big empty beach with a surf board.
9: Two dogs are lying on the brown couch. 
9: A pedestal sink and bathtub in a bathroom.
9: Two people watch TV on a couch with their legs propped up.
9: A sandwich slices containing bacon, eggs, and onions. 
9: A row of plants with a circular vase around each.
9: A tall, intricate building dominates most of a city block.
9: Two blue and white buses stopped at a bus stop.
9: Water traffic along the Thames by Big Ben
9: an image of a professional tennis player that is returning a serve
9: A team of chefs work together to prepare a meal.
9: A man who is performing a trick on a snowboard.
9: two large trucks are loading gravel at a worksite
9: A man and a baby lying on the couch in a living room 
9: a little white dog sitting on a metal table 
9: A tennis player in a stance ready to return a serve.
9: The helmeted motorcycle rider is slightly off the ground.
9: The cute monkey holds a banana and attempts to open a drink.
9: A bowl full of multi colored pasta and brocolli
9: A WHITE GOAT CLIMBING UP TO EAT SOME GRASS
9: a dog is standing and looking outside a window
9: a man that is surfing in some big waves
9: A young woman opening her mouth and biting into a hot dog.
9: two buses one regular the other double decker  on a city street

9: People buy food from a street vendor by a fire hydrant.
9: A bedroom scene with focus on the bed and the window.
9: A middle aged lady pouring some wine into a wine glass.
9: A bullet train is traveling by a hill. 
9: Sandwich item with meat and vegetables displayed on plate for consumption.
9: A zebra is eating dry grass next to a fence.
9: an image of a boy playing on a skateboard
9: Skiers are hiking up the mountain in the snow.
9: A black stove and microwave are in an unfinished kitchen.
9: A plate of prepared food has pasta, broccoli, and meat.
9: A red and brown bird walking through brush of the same color.
9: A kitchen illuminated by a track lighting unit. 
9: a man sitting at a desk looking at a computer monitor while on the phone 
9: A truck and a car parked in a driveway.
9: Street signs to Euclid Street and Washington Ave.
9: An red fire hydrant beside a grey fence.
9: A woman is using her laptop while surrounded by others.
9: Teddy bears sitting on a couch as if they have been friends forever.
9: A man is posing with skis in the snow.
9: Two people with helmets riding motorcycle past pedestrian.
9: A street sign stating Water St. with flowers underneath.
9: A man is taking a slice of thin pizza
9: A man prepares to catch the frisbee in the park
9: A picture of an old, rusty part of a train
9: a neon sign hanging in the front of a store
9: Vehicle traffic at night near a large urban area.
9: Old blue train with other train parts sitting around it on a station. 
9: a small kid playing with a soccer ball 
9: A black cat laying on top of a couch next to a TV remote control.
9: Red double deck bus with Singin in the Rain advertisement banner, on heliport area.
9: A man riding skis on a snow covered ski slope.
9: A signpost with a modified street sign attached.
9: a left hand holding onto a black smart ohone
9: A kitchen with yellow flowers and fruit on the counter.
9: A man on a surfboard in the midst of an ocean wave.
9: A child stands near a chair and holds a Wii remote.
9: Three giraffes in a zoo or park setting investigating each other.
9: a kite that is being flown over a body of water
9: A small dog lies on a comforter at the foot of an unmade twin bed.
9: A group of people riding skis down a snow covered slope.
9: A tower clock with large bells above it.
9: A large living and dining room area with rich wood features.
9: A cook at a restaurant cooking hotdogs on a grill.
9: A toilet is shown in a bathroom against a tiled wall. 
9: teenager sitting on his skateboard taking to his friend

9: A bunch of people are cross country skiing in some woods.
9: Several zebras in front of a building with steeples.
9: Three sheep grazing in a field with a few trees behind them
9: a man walks down a sidewalk as a vehicle passes 
9: There is a train sitting on the tracks. 
9: A surfer rides the crest of a wave 
9: A cow laying in a street next to a motorcycle.
9: A Stop sign on a road in a remote area
9: A white piece of luggage sitting on top of cement ground.
9: A skateboarders doing a trick on the lip of a half pipe.
9: Man taking a photograph at a claw vending machine full of stuffed toys.
9: Cattle are standing in the pasture among the grass.
9: A busy street has many people walking and biking around.
9: A dog lays under a table near a shoe. 
9: A slice of quiche and a fork sit on a plate.
9: A big truck that is going down a very snowy street.
9: People talking and drinking in a party.  
9: A kitchen with a large amount of blue marble counter space.
9: A lady and child at a table with some very big stuffed bears.
9: A person walking near a stop sign in a residential neighborhood.
9: Men at the beach with one holding a surfboard 
9: A father and son pose together side by side in front of a brick wall.
9: a cat stretched out on a computer desk
9: A man sitting on a chair by a printer 
9: Small teddy bear sitting on the stomach of a pregnant woman. 
9: A man is bending forward to catch a Frisbee.
9: A small rectangular window in a home bathroom
9: A child snowboarding down a hill in the snow.
9: a small propeller plane sits parked in a airfield 
9: an orange bus is parked against a curb
9: A row of parking meters in grassy area next to trees.
9: a number of luggage bags piled on one another 
9: Seagulls sitting on pier posts in the sun
9: a surfer runs into the waves on a beaching with his surfboard
9: A bear shaped container of honey sitting on a table
9: A close up picture of a black chicken.
9: A stop sign stands in the foreground of a skyline. 
9: A plate of french toast and breakfast potatoes.
9: A snowy expanse covers an area outside of a small area with hay, penned in with stakes and barbed wire, that also houses a large evergreen,providing shelter to a large huddle of big sheep. 
9: A boy flies a kite while another child rides a scooter.
9: A boy is looking outside a window on a train.
9: a classic green track is parked at a show
9: A little blond boy talking on a cell phone.
9: A suitcase sitting on the street in the sun 
9: A variety of items sit on top of shelving.
9: A neatly arranged living room with chairs, tables, paintings and a sofa.
9: A man in a red shirt and black tie looking out a window.
9: An umbrella in a microwave sitting on a small table.
9: a subway train on the track as people stand on the platform 
9: A baseball player up at bat with the catcher behind him.
9: A young woman is holding a cell phone.
9: The large rectangular cheese pizza looks delicious. 
9: Locomotive parked under a brick bridge in a secluded spot.
9: People are watching a man playing a tennis game.
9: a pot of food cooking in an oven
9: A clean bathroom decorated with a mirror vessel sinks and a tiled shower.
9: a clock on a short tower and potted plants along the sidewalk
9: A train on tracks in a city with the sun low on the horizon 
9: Men carrying their skis up a snowy slope in the mountains
9: a bathroom with two toilets in front of one another
9: a pizza sits on a card board trey 
9: This kitchen is cluttered with bottles and dishes.
9: A group of people sitting around a large white cake.
9: Man working in a restaurant kitchen cutting a pizza.
9: Busy city street at night while pedestrian walks on sidewalk
9: A group of people in ski gear at a snow filled slope.
9: A man shaving the wool off of a sheep.
9: A pink teddy bear sitting on a tree branch by a wall.
9: A strange sculpture being pointed at by a one way sign
9: Two women on a bed are taking a photo of themselves in a mirror.  
9: The breakfast entree and coffee is on the wooden surface.
9: A storage building located near a town park.
9: A woman sitting on a cement ledge with a suit case.
9: a person holding a kite flying in the air 
9: A motorcycle racer leans into a turn during a race.
9: Two bucket sinks and mirrors reflecting a group of people.
9: A man wearing an american eagle tie in a suit.
9: A young lady holding a baseball bat on a  baseball field.
9: A small  kitty with something around his neck.
9: A man is driving a motorcycle in the rain.
9: children in a gym playing a game of badminto
9: A blue hat is sitting on a table.
9: A baseball player swinging a bat over home plate.
9: a red double decker bus going around a corner
9: A woman riding a horse through a prairie.
9: A train is on the move at a train station
9: A bowl of beef stew sitting on a table next to a metal spoon.
9: A big brown cow walking down a sidewalk near homes.
9: A batter is getting ready to hit the ball.
9: A vulture is perched atop a telephone pole. 
9: A very ornate, three layered wedding cake in a banquet room.
9: A white bike carrier sits with several bikes on the back.  
9: Several vegetables such as broccoli, onions an lettuce laid out. 
9: a close up of a tennis player swinging a tennis racket
9: a couple of kites fly through the blue sky 
9: A street sign intersection with a lush tree in the background.
9: a coffee cup is next to a white keyboard
9: A close up view of a very big pretty city bus.
9: A MAN PLAYING IWTH A SKATE BOARD JUMPING 
9: a man taking a pictcure of some people in jail
9: A hand open to catch a orange sailing through the air.
9: a person wearing glasses and a tie in a car
9: A wet window blurs the image of an apartment building beyond.
9: A pair of men stand together holding beers.
9: A room of people standing around playing video games
9: a metro transport train in an urban setting.
9: A man on a snowboard going down a mountain slope.
9: A table topped with apples, oranges and bananas.
9: A desk has a large cabinet and computers on it.
9: A baseball player with a number five jersey is up to bat.
9: A city bus pulled up alongside a curb
9: An orange Irvings of Carlisle bus is in the street.
9: A large elephant stands in its habit while people watch.
9: A man smiling as he stands on the top of a mountain wearing skis.
9: A man standing in front of a statue near a metal pole.
9: a stuffed bear is hanging out of a window
9: A cat is on top of a car in the dark.
9: a skateboarder in red shorts is doing a trick
9: A dark shot of a building with a clock on top. 
9: A custom red motorcycle left unattended in a parking lot.
9: Bananas, garlic and a plastic container on a white tray.
9: some broccoli noodles in a bowl and fries on a plate
9: A team of people rowing a boat in the ocean
9: Two stuffed teddy bears resting next to each other
9: some pasta dishes are in plates and bowls
9: tennis player preparing to hit an incoming tennis ball
9: Red bricks set in a sidewalk leading the way past a fire yellow and black hydrant.
9: a number of people in a kitchen preparing food
9: A picture of a two-story cake on a ledge.
9: The cat was white and brown  and was going to sleep
9: Three people standing outside in front of a doughnut shop
9: A standing toilet is shown inside a bathroom.
9: A cat sitting on a suitcase that is lying on the floor. 
9: An empty room with a light is currently on. 
9: Police on a motorcycle drive down a city street.
9: A table with a plate that has a pizza on it along with fresh vegetable and meat toppings.
9: A tennis player in action on the court.
9: A girl playing tennis on a blue tennis court.
9: A man holding a tennis racquet on top of a green field.
9: The cars are driving down the street and some cars are parked. 
9: A large airplane flying in the blue sky.
9: a person in a kitchen with many people sitting on a table
9: A tern stands on a beach with a fish in its beak.
9: a living room with a couch and a chair 
9: The boy is doing a trick on his skate board.
9: The small herd of giraffes is running away.
9: Three people stand on the back of three elephants.
9: A train sitting in a train station in a rural area.
9: A person rowing in a red kayak glides through the water.
9: A sign with many different stickers placed on it.
9: a giraffe walking in a green field with stone walls.
9: A group of people lined up wearing ski suits and skis. 
9: A white cat digging in a book bag.
9: A fighter jet in the air with a cloudy sky in back.
9: A plate with eggs, bacon, toast and tomatoes.
9: Two beach chairs and an umbrella on the beach.
9: A Starbucks cup of coffer, a muffin, and a banana sit on top of a table.
9: there are many different bikes that are on display
9: During a game, a baseball player has just swung his bat.
9: A black and white cat with its head inside a black boot.
9: A picture of a bedroom with two chairs in it.
9: A bowl with broccoli and carrot soup on a table.
9: a business sign on a building with a sky background
9: A group of people riding horses on top of a sandy beach.
9: Virgin Ameican Airline planes with passenger boarding bridges attached.
9: A person is flying through the air near some mountains on his snowboard.
9: A man fixing a plate of food at a stove in a kitchen.
9: A cow and its calf standing in a pasture.
9: A sail boat is traveling an inlet with another boat is in the background.
9: a urban setting showing a fire hydrant attached to a firemen hose.
9: A wooden bench on top of a set of paintings.
9: A herd of zebras are standing on a grassy field.
9: A commuter bus with travelers and several pieces of luggage.
9: A group of military men and men in suits observe examples of missiles.
9: A glass of wine is shown wit a wine bottle right next to it on a table. 
9: some people an airport a runway and a jet
9: A woman seated at table with donuts and coffee.
9: Classic motorcycle on its stand with sign in front.
9: The boy practices his skateboarding skills on his homemade park, using wooden railings and large pieces of plywood.
9: An old scene of two kids in an old hospital.
9: There are a group of people sitting in chairs using electronics
9: Four blue jets with yellow painted on top are flying together. 
9: A mother and child pose brightly beside a large stuffed animal.
9: Green broccoli and sliced orange carrots in a pot.  
9: A bus and a van travel side by side on a busy city street.
9: person skating fast down an empty road in a race
9: Several giraffes are standing on the sand by trees.
9: Two brown and white dogs standing next to each other a fence.
9: A person riding a skateboard down a sidewalk.
9: A cock on the side of a giant cup.
9: A cow is sitting alone on a grassy field.
9: A close-up of a street sign with small shops in the background. 
9: The bathroom has an older sleek look 
9: The two cows stand next to each other in the sandy ground.
9: The people are skating and skateboarding in the pool.
9: Brick building behind an intersection and street sign.
9: A person that is laying on a surfboard in the water.
9: A group of snow skiers make their way on the path.
9: A skier on the side of a snow covered hill with a big mountain in the background.
9: A bag of luggage sitting on the side of a corner.
9: A man in a crowded room gazes into the distance.
9: a boys tennis team sitting and posing for a picture
9: A man and woman that are standing near each other with wine glasses.
9: A no urinating sign posted outside a building.
9: A woman and a man holding each others hand.
9: A meal consisting of a large salad and a half of a sandwich. 
9: a close up of a stop sign with trees in the background
9: A picture of a red mac truck passing by a car. The picture is in the rear view mirror.
9: THERE IS A TOLIET WITH A PICTURE FRAME ON IT
9: A white plate with a serving of food on it
9: a black brown and white dog wearing a pink and white jacket
9: A teddy bear and a little tree together.
9: Several colorful kites flying across the beach. 
9: A white and blue truck parked in the middle of a dirt road.
9: Two men are sitting on a couch playing video games.
9: A horse in a pen looks over a fence. 
9: Blue and purple vase sitting not he side of a white wall. 
9: A train traveling down the rail road tracks near some mountains.
9: Two men playing frisbee on a beach while others watch.
9: A woman holding a Nintendo Wii game controller.
9: A kitchen scene complete with a refrigerator, sink and oven.
9:  a red and white plane and a blue and white plane
9: A bride and groom cutting into their wedding cake. 
9: a green and yellow clock tower with a white clock
9: A long legged bird sitting on a log near the water.
9: A close up of the push to walk button
9: Man comes out the water with raised arms as he rides the surfboard
9: there is a young girl that is playing with a cell phone 
9: two kids sit at a small table making pizzas
9: A person standing next to a large train.
9: Several men riding horses and a bull in a rodeo pit.
9: A person taking a bite of a iced and sprinkled doughnut in a kitchen. 
9: a number of cars on a street with traffic lights 
9: A woman sitting on a bed looking at a computer screen.
9: A baseball player is posed to swing his bat.
9: Mother Zebra nursing Baby zebra under shade tree.
9: A man with a suitcase on wheels crossing the street.
9: an image of a stop sign that is on the gate
9: some cut up oranges and jars and a wooden knife
9: A bunch of black umbrellas over some boats
9: three men on a beach playing a game of frisbee
9: A old suitcase is marked with " This side up" and " Fragile".
9: The young girl orders a sandwich that is really big. 
9: The rain is pouring on the white car on the street. 
9: A person is standing in front of a hotel holding an umbrella.
9: A room with furniture and a a television in use.
9: A teddy bear posing next to a magazine model.
9: A little in a hat sits on a bed.
9: An up close shot of a seagull flying in front of the beach
9: The walkway is full of bicyclists and horseback riders.
9: A little girl standing on the sidewalk under an umbrella.
9: A train with three cars on a track in a wooded area.
9: a close up of a doll laying in a bed with a book
9: A woman and man both sporting ties sitting with a dog.
9: A PERSON HOLDING A BLACKBERRY CELL PHONE IN THEIR HAND 
9: A man in a red hat, suit, and blue striped tie walks past two other men on a street.
9: a fork that has some kind of pink cake on it
9: Cars move near an intersection bordered by trees. 
9: A lime green bathroom that is very messy
9: a number of people riding surf boards on a body of water
9: The man is flying a kite while the other two people watch.
9: A train driving down the tracks near trees.
9: A dog stares intently off to the left in front of a glaring TV.
9: A harbor filled with lots of small boats next to tall buildings.
9: an image of a bathroom scene with toilet and tub
9: A boat is docked at the shore of the water.
9: Stork parents near a large nest perched on telephone pole.
9: cooking utensils a cutting board with food and a tea kettle
9: A humming bird perched on a branch. 
9: An arrangement of bright flowers sits on the side of a boat. 
9: Horses walking through the yard toward a barn.
9: A metal vase of flowers on top of a counter.
9: A large orange squash cut in half, adjacent to a remote control, on a granite countertop.
9: A female tennis player is stopped for a picture as the crowd watches down court.
9: a young man sitting in front of a computer screen and laptop wearing headphones
9: A snow covered city street featuring a red fire hydrant
9: The are pink buds on the plants outside.
9: A stop sign along a road is vandalized with graffiti.
9: A woman is standing in the kitchen cooking a meal. 
9: A bedroom with funishings, sparse accessories and sparse decorum.
9: a large zebra standing next to a tree
9: Two woman showing each other something on their phones
9: a blue and white bus is covered in newspaper
9: Two female chefs in a kitchen cooking. It appears to be a restaurant setting.
9: The large black bear is bathing near a wooden log.
9: The group of people are having a discussion over their drinks.
9: A passenger train with several passenger cars moving along.
9: A little boy playing with an orange toy.
9: a close up of a traffic light above a city street 
9: Two lawn chairs and a table made out of skis.
9: Regular small town street after it has snowed.
9: THERE IS A SING THAT READS STATE LINE KITTERY MAINE 
9: Many trays of gourmet food like barbecued meat, lobster, and vegetables.
9: A small duckling eating something out of a pond.
9: A steam engine locomotive moving down the tracks.
9: Some people laying on some sand on towels with an umbrella, in front of water.
9: A clock has two decorative balls hanging below it.
9: A young man preparing to serve during a tennis match.
9: A very close look of a griddle with some hot dogs on it. 
9: A little girl in a dress holds a pink and clear umbrella.
9: A computer with a large monitor sits on a table.
9: A woman stands in the bed of a truck and reaches to pet a giraffe.
9: Girl looking at magazine sitting next to woman with magazine open
9: People flying kites in a large green park by the ocean
9: The doll is posed at the table eating a meal. 
9: a man windsurfing on an ocean with medium sized waves
9: Two men are playing catch with gloves outside. 
9: A MALE IN THE PROCESS OF HITTING A TENNIS BALL ON THE TENNIS COURT
9: A tennis player on a court holding his racket prepares to hit a ball.
9: Two kids sit in front of each of their cakes.
9: a pregnant zebra eating grass close to two elephants 
9: The woman under the tree holds onto her purse.
9: A church building reaching up into the dark, cloudy sky.
9: A small boat docked next to a wooden dock area and an umbrella open and shading the boat.
9: A plate of a prepared meal is lying on a table mat.
9: A large dog with blue eyes on a couch.
9: An partially eaten apply and a cell phone set on a table.
9: A woman enjoying a glass of wine at dinner.
9: A dog leaning out of the window of an old building
9: The man is asleep while he waits for a call.
9: A group of zebras walking in a grassy field
9: some people are sitting on blankets on some grass 
9: two people are camping out in the desert
9: a family of giraffes standing next to a brick building.
9: The skier is at the top of the slope.
9: Two zebras that are standing in the grass.
9: A man in an offensive pose holding a tennis racquet.
9: A guy in a tie wearing a hat.
9: A bow of food set next to a sink inside of a kitchen
9: A vending machine with corn dogs in it.
9: An assortment of people walking in a line down a road.
9: A small bathroom has a vanity, toilet and mirror.
9: A large clock tower with a light on in it 
9: Two teddy bears that are set up to look like they got married.
9: A white and brown cow with a baby calf next to it.
9: A large blue structure resting in some water.
9: A bright umbrella on a patio with stone steps leading to it.
9: A girl with a toothbrush and toothpaste in her mouth.
9: Everyone at the round table is wearing glasses
9: A woman in a living room with a dog. 
9: A street sign has three different streets on it.
9: There is no image here to provide a caption for.
9: A small bathroom with the shower curtains open.
9: A Port River Dolphin Cruise ship sits in the water.
9: A banana sitting on top of oranges and other fruit.
9: There is a wakeboarder flying a kite in the ocean
9: A man in the ocean kite surfing on a board.
9: A person in a yellow ski jacket skiing down a hill. 
9: Several animals standing in the grass near a creek.
9: A big salad has beets, cucumber slices, mushrooms, beans, carrots, and other vegetables.
9: Two dogs rest together on a rumpled bed.
9: A serene living room with arched doorways and shelves and tile floors.
9: A brown hair man wearing a purple shirt is holding his tennis racket with two hands as he hits it.
9: a colorful train going by the track with windmills in the back
9: two air planes flying in the air near one another 
9: A dinner plate consisting of mashed potatoes, cheddar broccoli, and barbecue ribs.
9: a number of people standing next to an elephant
9: A man sitting alone with his water bottle.
9: Roadway intersection with traffic in city on foggy day.
9: the luggage is full of clothes and a phone on the floor
9: Small children in black and blue uniforms playing soccer. 
9: A cozy living room scene features easy chairs and a large television.
9: a kitchen with a smooth floor and a fridge inside of it 
9: The polar bear definitely wants to keep that ball.
9: A long haired man is sitting in a recliner playing video games.
9: The bearded man is standing by the truck with the American flags. 
9: The lady is searching for luggage on the tarmac.
9: An old church and a horse in a dreary forest
9: A man wearing glasses and a brown suite standing at a counter on a cellphone.
9: A woman in shorts and a tank top skateboards inside
9: a basket of broccoli carrots and some califlower
9: The view of a train entering a tunnel taken from one of the cars
9: Two pedestrian walk signals are lit up at night.
9: A city street with cars and buses and people walking on the sidewalk 
9: A man is flying a kite on a sunny day.
9: A batter up to bat during a baseball game.
9: All the cows are standing on the hill grazing. 
9: a red green blue and white train and tracks
9: a plane flies through the air with fumes coming out the back 
9: The young child is playing a game on a Wii console.
9: A book, a teacup, and a vase stand behind three groups of fruit.
9: a shadowy looking man jumping over a ramp 
9: Two cats sleeping on a reclining chair in a living room. 
9: A woman holding a red umbrella as viewed through a clear umbrella.
9: A glass of wine sitting on a counter next to a bottle.
9: A man holding a controller playing a video game.
9: A teddy bear sitting on the ground in front of many boxes.
9: A big fire truck driving down the street.  
9: A skier heads toward a ski resort building 
9: Three oranges are lined up with an exacto knife nearby.
9: Here is an image of an outside city.

9: Two black and white cats are on a keyboard.
9: A woman is standing in a doorway to a bathroom.
9: Many livestock grazing in a field under a cloudy sky. 
9: a vase with a flower and a jar full of juice
9: A zebra standing and grazing alone in some brush.
9: A single cow standing in a field with many birds flying above.
9: Two men and a dog standing in a kitchen.
9: a close up of a luggage box on a ground
9: A group of people standing in a room.
9: A red shade umbrella on a beach in front of the water.
9: People standing on the snow with snowboards and skis
9: A man is doing tricks on his skateboard.
9: A man in a vest and tie kissing a woman in a white dress.
9: Fresh carrots from a garden lie on a counter next to a teaspoon.
9: Human being having fun and enjoying some life. 

9: A surfer heads out towards the waves with his board.
9: A plane  photographed in the blue , cloudless sky.
9: A dog in a enclosure with his head sticking through the bars.
9: a table with a pizza and a basket of French fries
9: A hotdog with tomatoes and pickles is on a paper plate.
9: Some players in action on a baseball field.
9: Two zebra standing next to each other in a field.
9: Some children who are playing soccer with each other.
9: The bicyclists have formed a train, and are being towed by the city bus.
9: a dimly lit living room with green sheets over the windows
9: Several green garden plants growing inside of a mesh fence.
9: Three giraffe standing next to each other near trees.
9: A sitting on a bench and kissing woman on  the check as people pass by.
9: A dog laying on the ground its leash tied to a fire hydrant.
9: The green room has large windows over looking the city.
9: Woman in red shirt jumping as she plays tennis.  
9:  A highway filled with heavy traffic near a cement bridge.
9: Driving on the highway towards an exit ramp with brush on both sides.
9: An older woman sits and scrolls through her iPhone.
9: A man jumps into the air in an outdoor plaza.
9: Three people in a kitchen hug and point at pizza
9: A man is at the stove cooking eggs.
9: two girls the are scarcely dressed one is holding an umbrella
9: One cat lying on the floor, and another with its front paws up on a stool
9: a person with a bike with many bunches of bananas
9: a horse walking on a small platform in front of a group of people
9: An accident on a road with an ambulance and police on the scene.
9: A picture of two pizzas with different topping. 
9: A young woman on a skateboard in a skate park
9: A couple of black cats sitting on a window sill.
9: A laptop computer sitting on top of a desk next to a monitor and keyboard.
9: A zebra walking across a lush green field.
9: traffic signals hanging in front of a brick building
9: There is a piece if luggage that has a rag in it
9: A young girl and boy in the kitchen preparing a drink in the blender 
9: a bird that is eating at a bird feeder
9: a couple of zebras sit next to some rocks 
9: A young man in blue jersey throwing a baseball on mound.
9: a bedroom with a man at a computer in the reflection.
9: a dog that is standing on top of a truck
9: A mess sits on the floor of an otherwise clean kitchen.
9: Snowboarders bring a dog on a leash onto the snow.
9: A person and some bananas near some bushes.
9: A varied collection of glass bottle containers on three sleves
9: A train moving on a grassy hill over a wooden cavern. 
9: Two jersey cows grazing in a green meadow.
9: A young boy standing on his skateboard on the road. 
9: Two boys sit on chairs and play video games.
9: A box of pizza in a persons hand.
9: Two horses running around a dirt race track
9: This is a tray of fruits and vegetables
9: a little boy and girl sitting under an umbrella
9: People sitting near a buffet dinner playing on phones.
9: a couple of people that are in a snowy field
9: A person wearing a blue coat in ski gear. 
9: a young person standing on a baseball field holding a baseball bat
9: A pair of green trucks are parked beside each other.
9: Park benches full of people lining a street.
9: A table topped with dishes of different types of food.
9: A subway train driving by a platform with people standing on it.
9: Corner of intersection of building with foreign language sign.
9: The room has an antique canopy bed topped with a quilt.
9: A skate boarder with a hat is airborne.
9: a person jumping a snow board in the air 
9: Many people stand with their skis on the snow.
9: Two men in pajamas are holding Nintendo Wii controllers.
9: A couple of glass vessels with light on a table.
9: A snowboarder having a conversation while on the slopes.
9: People standing next to a pay phone and street sign outside. 
9: A plate of steak, carrots, green beans, and mashed potatoes.
9: Omelet, partly folded inward, lies in black skillet.
9: The collage shows many different sets of skateboards.
9: A number of kids and one adult are celebrating a birthday.
9: Two stalls in a public rest room with black and white check floor.
9: A pair of orange scissors stuck in some kind of material
9: a man on a skat board doing a trick
9: Two people laying on surf boards in the ocean.
9: Birds resting on top of a tower with clocks on it.
9: this is a group of sheep on the grass
9: There is some food on a table with plates.
9: there is a woman on the beach holding a red and white umbrella
9: A bathroom with a bath tub and a white toilet.
9: A group of women holding onto large teddy bears
9: A picture of red and yellow flowers on a TV screen with a hand holding a remote.
9: A white clock that is on the side of a building.
9: Three men are playing baseball on home base. 
9: A red fire hydrant is very eye catching when surrounded by snow; the sidewalk beside it has been shoveled out to allow walking. 
9: A fridge in an empty room with a plant on top.
9: A man and woman embrace while on a dinner cruise.
9: A beautiful young blonde girl swinging a tennis racquet.
9: Mother and young black & white cow eating in a field of grass.
9: a zebra is walking around its pen at the zoo
9: Pizza with black anchovies sitting on top of it. 
9: Two giraffes in their cages in a zoo.
9: A number of red umbrellas and beach chairs near the ocean.
9: A person laying on a bed in front of a laptop.
9: Soccer player wearing green and orange hitting soccer ball. 
9: A green painted bench sitting underneath a tree.
9: a man is standing near a television outside
9: a child with a tooth brush in a persons mouth
9: A painting on the side of a building.
9: a stop sign and a pole in a dark knight
9: A cutting board with slices of peeled apple and a knife next to an apple and apple peels.
9: A skater losing his balance while squatting on his board
9: A parked motorcycle is parked on a city street.
9: Two zebra standing next to each other on a field.
9: a bath room with many stalls and two sinks 
9: A sugar sprinkled doughnut sitting next to a glass.
9: People flying kites in a park on a windy day.
9: a couple of people on motor bikes ride through a street 
9: A couple of boys playing frisbee against each other.
9: children playing baseball in a wire fenced field.
9: A man plays with a soccer ball in front of empty bleachers.
9: An uncooked pizza with diced meat, tomato, and green onion on top of a cutting board.
9: A woman viewing an Ipod Armband on a computer screen.
9: A plate compiled of eggs, meat, and greens. 
9: a woman with a racket hits a tennis ball 
9: People standing behind bales of straw as a protection from motorcycles on a track.
9: A pizza with pepperonis, mushrooms, onions and peppers.
9: A man holding a beer on his lap.
9: A variety of vegetables on a table 
9: Passenger train with graffiti on it sits next to a building with graffiti on it. 
9: A large number of sail boats on some shoppy waters
9: A blue door sitting next to a TV in a living room.
9: A slice of banana bread on a plate with a fork.
9: A woman sitting on a couch with the television on.
9: A couple of young men standing in front of large surf boards.
9: A plate with yogurt and pancakes and ham
9: The frisbee is hovering in the air as people watch. 
9: A bare kitchen has wood cabinets and white appliances. 
9: a clock on a pole outside of a large building
9: A herd of sheep grazing in an open field.
9: An adult helps a child fly a kite.
9: A group of surfers walking down the beach in the sun.
9: A man in a canoe holds a frisbee over his head.
9: Sandwich with mixed vegetables sitting on top of a white napkin. 
9: A happy  bear putting his paws in some water.
9: Bathroom with an in the floor toilet bowl.
9: A man skating in a skate park with another standing nearby.
9: Animal with hoofs made to wear colorful pair of shoes. 
9: a desk with two laptops on it next to cup of coffee and doughnut.
9: a person holds two spoons over a sink
9: A library with wooden shelves, tables and a bench with cushions. 
9: a lunch box with many different food items
9: A young woman holding a suitcase disembarking from a train car
9: An arena is packed with snow as snowboarders perform stunts.
9: Several planes are suspended in a museum with large windows for walls.
9: A young man standing behind a blue frisbee.
9: A couple of people on bikes on a street.
9: A white helmeted police woman listens to her cell phone.
9: A skier going down the side on a mountain.  
9: A couple of cooks making smiley face pancakes in a  kitchen.
9: A beige cat is curled up asleep on a desk.
9: A teddy bear sitting in a very unusual spot high up
9: A large metal clock on the side of a building.
9: A baseball player that is sliding to a base.
9: A lavander colored window with a rose colored frame.
9: A man standing on a paddle surf board paddling with a paddle.
9: A clock is embedded in the tower of a building.
9: A man with a tie on standing by microphones and pointing.
9: A thin crust pizza with cheese and mushrooms.
9: Statue of a baseball player in batting position.
9: A row of cows grazing in a field in the shade.
9: A woman flying her kite in the middle of a field 
9: THE ELEPHANT IS IN THE BARN EATING GRASS.
9: One man waves while another rides a skateboard on a ramp.
9: A mound of rocks and dirt appear beside a man-made structure.
9: A bench looks peaceful in a mountain cemetary.
9: A toilet with a spray hose attached to it sits in a white bathroom.
9: a small cargo van covered in graffiti sitting on the side of the road
9: There is an image of a man wearing a suit.
9: A herd of elephants walking along a river.
9: A plane flies over, painted in right colors. 
9: A long white table sits in front of glass double doors.
9: Male skateboarder displaying leaping ability over steps with handrails.
9: A group of skiers standing in snow near a cabin.
9: Men race bicycles on grass pulled by sleigh dogs.
9: this tabby cat must trust this man since she is showing her stomach
9: A big brown bear outside on the grass.
9: A man holding a small child with a toothbrush in its mouth.
9: A room has white walls and brown floors.
9: Two zebras that are grazing on some grass.
9: A closeup of a man with a goatee wearing a striped tie.
9: This is a birthday cake for someones first birthday.
9: A fire hydrant has been overrun with grass. 
9: Two passenger jets sit in wait at the airport.
9: a woman going to touch a horse in a field
9: A man on a tennis court holding a yellow tennis racket. 
9: Long legged birds in water and their reflections
9: a person that is standing on a surfboard
9: Skateboarder doing skate stunts on a ramp inside a building.
9: A group of people on skis next to a building.
9: A person is kite surfing and he has gotten some air.
9: A man that is standing around elephants in the dirt.
9: A smiling child holding a baseball glove while two other children look on.
9: some plates of food sit on a table top 
9: A young girl that is in a very clean and well stocked kitchen. 
9: A woman holds a flower print umbrella over her head.
9: a person and a brown and white horse
9: Two dogs are sitting in the snow with its owner
9: Direction signs hang on a pole across from a red home.
9: A girl wearing a purple tennis outfit while holding a tennis racket walking by a guy. 
9: The sat is sitting in the computer chair. 
9: A woman looking at an elephant in its enclosure.
9: A man sitting on a park bench in a black outfit.
9: Teddy bear lie on a small sofa bed.
9: A man standing in front of canoes in the water.
9: a couple of kids that are playing baseball
9: Two men with tennis rackets playing doubles tennis.
9: A computer keyboard, wireless mouse, and portable monitor.
9: a person riding a skate board at a skate park
9: A young boy eating a slice of pizza.
9: A single bench in the middle of a park.
9: A dog is playing a game of frisbee.
9: The dog is resting comfortably on the bed in the bedroom. 
9: Several different types of apples sit in white bins.
9: A red tray with plates of food and a glass of water.
9: Many bushels of fruit with price tags sitting on tables.
9: Two red cars are parked next to each other.
9: A man brushing his teeth with a toothbrush
9: A bathroom with two toilets a few feet apart.
9: A yellow fire hydrant next to a red painted curb and someone walking in the background.
9: A plate full of food containing broccoli, carrots, rice and a steak.
9: A blue and yellow bus sits on the track.
9: A very long large train on a steel track.
9: Woman in blue swimsuit playing on beach with disc.
9: A baby eating a banana while in a persons lap.
9: A man eating pizza is sitting on a table.
9: A moving train pulling tanks down the tracks.
9: A baseball game is being played in a shadowy ballpark.
9: A man and a boy traveling on skateboards.
9: A person on skis is skiing down a snowy hill. 
9: A lone zebra is looking toward the ground in its enclosure.
9: A very big black bear holding an object by a rail.
9: a man sitting at a table with a cheesy pizza on it 
9: small boy sitting on a race car with red wall and rug
9: A couple and their baby are walking on the beach.
9: A man with his shirt collar turned up an his tie undone. 
9: A barbeque meal on a table with two drinks
9: A white brown dog chewing on a shoe lace.
9: A street car and a bus going in opposite directions on the street 
9: Three items a box of wildflower mix, a blue book and a brown book are sitting on a display.
9: A man standing in the snow on skiis.
9: a man eating a large sandwich with candles nearby
9: Two dogs looking through an iron fence with a flower pot.
9: A giraffe is standing with his front legs apart.
9: A cat looking at a dog as it sniffs the floor.
9: These people are riding horses along the shore
9: a man and woman are sitting on a bench and some drawings
9: A dog sitting on the grass in front of a fire hydrant.
9: A three compartment food container with a sandwich cut like a puzzle piece and some fruit and vegetables.
9: A small bathroom with tile floors and half tile walls.
9: Man in a gorilla suit holds an inflatable banana.
9: A bathroom sink with a stack of towels next to it.
9: an ornate street clock with skyscrapers in background
9: an empty street with a bike lane 
9: A plate of hot-dogs with multiple toppings like mustard, cheese, chili. 
9: A pair of dirty bowls in a dual sink with a chop stick in one and fork in the other.
9: a dark horse laying on the ground by some grass 
9: There is a parking meter with one side covered up.
9: a toaster oven, two people sitting at a table and a ;lady walking with a purse
9: a man with a long messenger bag sits on a scooter
9: Kitten sitting on top of a laptop computer
9: Two cows laying in the grass under a tree.
9: A young boy is looking away from the camera, holding a remote. 
9: A pregnant women taking a picture of herself in the mirror.
9: A airplane in the air flying south in direction.
9: A large pizza is cut up into slices and ready to be served.
9: An older guy with a blue jacket on smiling for their picture. 
9: a very big pizza sits in front of a cup of soda
9: an image of various containers of wrapped food
9: Large clock sitting on top of several items in a small room. 
9: race participants in helmets checking out the local surroundings
9: Baby zebra sucking milk from its mothers teat. 
9: Four photographs of a clock at different times and woman.
9: A big furry bear standing in the middle of a field
9: Two sheep running down a grassy and rocky hill. 
9: A man is snowboarding down a snow-covered hillside. 
9: A couple of people under a large umbrella.
9: a man shaving in a bathroom while looking in the mirror
9: a beach with people and three different airplanes
9: A small yellow and green bird perched on a hand
9: A man in a suit eats waffles while a group of people eat in the background.
9: A gentleman doing a "happy dance" during a tennis competition.
9: Small white and orange commuter plane preparing to land.
9: A man dressed up like Santa Clause holding a Nintendo Wii controller.
9: Man laying on grown with tennis racket in right hand
9: A group of people tending to horses on a grass covered field.
9: A window with a view of an airplane on a runway.
9: a man checking on some skiis and boots for a woman 
9: Boxes of fruit displayed at an open air market.
9: A road with motorcycle riders, a bus, a person riding an elephant and people walking on the side of the road.
9: a bird that is eating out of a piece of fruit
9: a person in a kitchen with a cell phone
9: A red bus is parked outside of a building.
9: A bus with Queens Bl on the sign makes its way down a city street.
9: A girl running after a tennis ball on the court
9: A herd of elephants standing under some trees.
9: A person on skis going down a hill on a slope.
9: A red jet on a runway loading passengers.
9: A large pole clock in front of a large Victorian home.
9: Kids play soccer outside on a grassy field.
9: The green vegetables offset the dark teriyaki beef in the stir fry.
9: Snow boarder in mid-flight, inverted, with a steep snowy slope in the background.
9: A muffin on a plate with apples behind it
9: the head shot of a tennis player holding his racket
9: A few notebooks, inhaler, cell phone, ipod, pens, keys and a bag on the floor.
9: A large hawk flying above a green field. 
9: A dark street with a man walking his dog.
9: Male tennis player with tennis racquet in forehand position and tennis ball inches away
9: The fresh fruit is cut up in the jars in the kitchen.
9: A kitchen with a sink, stove, and wooden cabinets. 
9: Fruits and vegetables are sitting on a table.
9: Two people sitting on a jet ski while riding through the lake.
9: Two woman and a man pose for a picture while one woman cuts a cake
9: A young woman playing tennis on a grass court.
9: A sandwich and some french fries are on a white plate.
9: A woman hold a brown horse while a woman watches.
9: There is a statue in front of a tall building.
9: A well kept home office with two computers on the desk.
9: A swimming pool that is next to a ocean.
9: A group of fruit including bananas, apples oranges and pares.
9: A bench at the beach next to the sea
9: a cat sitting on a couch with a dog in front of it
9: The computer is sitting on a desk with another device plugged in it.
9: a living room with couches a table and a mirror
9: A black dog sitting on top of a chair near a counter.
9: People waiting at a train crossing for a train to pass
9: A black cat sitting on a hood of an old car
9: A giraffe standing with rocks and trees in the background.
9: some books about berlin next to a laptop 
9: A middle aged black woman is standing behind a table full of bananas.
9: A flock of seagulls fly around an abandoned boat at the seashore.
9: a man is on the ground examining the leg of another man on a tennis court
9: a bathroom with a toilet and a blue striped shower curtain.
9: A drawing of a traffic signal that points in several directions.
9: A kitchen with red cabinets, white appliances, white walls, and a chandelier.
9: A clock on a tower on top of a brick building.
9: Tree men dressed in black suits with white flowers in the lapel.
9: a person in a field jumping to catch a frisbee
9: a close up of a plate of food on a table
9: A young baby holding a colorful frisbee indoors.
9: A cat is sitting on the floor and looking at itself in a broken mirror.
9: A man rides a motorcycle on a beach. 
9: a surfer carrying their board and a person sitting in the sand
9: A cat lays on a laptop computer, which is on a person's lap.
9: A small toy is sitting on a plate of pizza.
9: A group of men on a beach standing by several surfboards.
9: A bike is chained to a parking meter on the sidewalk.
9: A man and a woman standing near each other playing wii
9: A very cute orange cat sitting on a desk.
9: a man wearing a tie with something in his mouth
9: A giraffe that is standing in the grass.
9: Newly finished bathroom with ceramic tile and counterop
9: Two adult and one baby elephants walking together.
9: Older women with young girl sit at a table eating cake and ice cream.

9: there is a big dog that is sitting inside of a luggage
9: A man skateboarding on a ramp at a skateboard park.
9: A stop light under a street light at twilight with trees in the background.
9: Two adults standing in a room while playing a Wii
9: French fries and a bag with bread sticking out 
9: A young girl stands in front of the refrigerator.
9: A woman is playing tennis on a tennis court.
9: A window sill topped with vases filled with flowers.
9: A yellow fire hydrant on the side of the road.
9: Two teddy bears are laying side by side on a quilt. 
9: a close up ofa dog looking out of a window
9: A advertisement for a bed spread and mattress. The room looks very elegant.
9: A man kneeling in the grass pitches a ball at a small child swinging a bat
9: Small furnished living room with lots of clutter.
9: A woman is playing with a video game controller.
9: A white pickup trucking is lacking doors, bumpers, grill and one headlight.
9: A man that is standing in the dirt with a bat.
9: A close up of a piece of pizza with bacon on a plate.
9: A man and a woman looking at a Frisbee in midair.
9: The black and white dog chews on the empty soda bottle.
9: Two young fellows enjoying their new white devices
9: a guy failing badly with a skateboard trick in a parking lot   
9: A laptop, monitor, printer and tablet on a desk.
9: A bruised banana sitting on top of a coffee cup.
9: Assorted baked food items in tray next to beverage on table in outdoor area.
9: military people getting off and on the train.
9: Two giraffes standing in a field of grass.

9: there are many people at a party playing a video game
9: Some people on the beach fling a kite together.
9: A view of a bathroom with a mirror, towels and a tub. 
9: A man standing on top of a baseball field next to an umpire.
9: A plate with food on it, including broccoli and spaghetti, is on the table with a fork, an empty glass, and a can of soda-pop.
9: A man takes a picture of his reflection in a mirror. 
9: Cafeteria lunch fare is a balanced meal plus dessert.
9: Matching luggage  packed and ready to go with tags affixed.
9: Huge elephant is moving a big log by itself.
9: A plate consisting of meat,inside bread beside a small bowl of chopped vegetables. 
9: An old wooden bench in a grassy field.
9: An assortment of different colored ties lined up on a white table cloth. 
9: a busy street that has a lot of signs near by
9: A dog with his ear hanging over the side of the bed
9: A happy couple enjoying some pie and milkshakes.
9: A doll sitting on a chair at a small table.
9: A woman helping a child cut a cake while other children watch.
9: two skiers in the snow skiing down a hill
9: A cautionary sign which has been severely bent
9: A girl sitting on a bench holding a flower.
9: A batter and catcher during a baseball game.
9: A group of fruits and vegetables sit on the table.
9: A tabby cat watches a horse eating hay in a barn.
9: A dog wrangling a group of sheep in a field.
9: a close up of a bunch of bananas next to a jar of food 
9: A man standing next to a little boy flying a kite.
9: A young boy sits on a skateboard holding a stick with wheels.
9: A small cat is laying down on the sofa and having fun. 
9: many people standing near a table with cake
9: A man wears a dark suit with a dark tie.
9: Two adults and a child walk on the beach in front of a cruise ship. 
9: A man with a surfboard walk along the beach in front of a couple.
9: Woman carrying containers and an umbrella under her arms. 
9: a close up of a plate of food with broccoli
9: A sign reads "Complaints About Elephants To Be Made Here".
9: a close up of a dog on the ground next to a toy
9: The view of a welcome sign on a bus 
9: A hydrant is in the middle of a city square.
9: A couple of women with some surfboards in the water.
9: A pink teddy bear standing next to some presents.
9: Two women grabbing food from a buffet table
9: A red truck sitting on a grassy field next to other trucks.
9: A child helping to push a loaded luggage cart.
9: A black and white perspective on of a street sign and a traffic light and a group of people on a street corner talking.
9: A child with a bib at a picnic table offering food to an adult
9: A man eating some food near some shops.
9: A man on the skateboard is on the top of the halfpipe.
9: A child looking at something while on the toilet seat. 
9: Small boys playing baseball on a baseball field.
9: a small giraffe walks inside of a gated area
9: A Woman on a tennis court prepares to return a ball. 

9: The man stands on the beach holding his white surfboard in hand.
9: A tandem city bus parked on a city street.
9: Large brick tower with tall windows and multiple clocks at top.
9: tourists riding and petting an elephant at a tourist attraction
9: A unique water fountain sits in the park by the beach.
9: Three television remote trucks at an outdoor event.
9: A herd of cattle standing by a fence in a field.
9: A group of three elephants standing along side of a river.
9: A pair of men riding scooters travelling down a street.
9: A horse drawn carriage sits in an old street.
9: Two men gesture hands next to laptops, one man uses a phone.
9: Three people on a couch playing video games.
9: A media setup in someone's house with television and stereo
9: A street sign is leaning over with trees and a hill in the background.
9: A basket filled with blue and purple flowers. 
9: A motorcycle on the sidewalk outside of a building. 
9: A surfer rides the face of a wave.
9: A boy is skate boarding in a ramp.
9: A plate with eggs, a sausage, French toast, beans, and a tomato on it.
9: A cat curled up in a box with a Pirates Hat on.
9: This bathroom has brown counter tops and a white toilet
9: Very cute toddler reaching for something in a bag on a tennis court
9: A large clock hanging off the side of a building.
9: A large Alaska airlines jet sitting on top of a tarmac.
9: A women jumping into the air while playing tennis.
9: a young child is holding a tennis raquet 
9: The pizza is covered with many delicious ingredients.
9: A boy running and flying a kite in a field.
9: two zebras standing in line with the head of one resting on the back of the other 
9: A  big white city bus and some cars on a wide city street.
9: White stove with pot and kettle on top and the light on in the oven.
9: Cattle are crossing the road to a beach front.
9: One story store front with row of chairs and tables, and bikers.
9: A big Dalmation like dog is being walked down a street.
9: Man surfing a wave on the ocean tide.
9: a large bed in a windowed wood cabin
9: Many orange cones lining the rim of a hole at a construction site.
9: Two zebra backs are shown in this close-up picture.
9: A group of people holding two umbrellas walking on the sidewalk.
9: Woman in glasses looks over as she's holding up a donut
9: a  vehicle with many people even on top
9: a small dog with a frisbee in its mouth
9: Produce is displayed in a supermarket while people shop.
9: a couple skiers going down the snowy hill
9: A couple of boats near a short line near tall mountains.
9: A teddy bear on a stool in front of wicker.
9: A group of people in front of some apples.
9: A man is taking a picture with a cell phone.
9: A woman sitting on a metal bench playing an accordion with passersby.
9: A member of the ski patrol cross country skiing 
9: Surfer riding breaking wave with boat nearby in ocean.
9: The view is from the back of a horse, riding in a dry, grassy field towards a pond on a sunny say.
9: A clock on top of a building with cars parked outside.
9: Several pieces of luggage at the baggage claim area. 
9: A lunch box with grapes, cashews, carrots, vegetables, cheese, and meat
9: A baby holding a i phone sleeping in it's mother's arms.
9: A truck that is driving on the road with some horses in the back.
9: A pretty young blond woman standing on a rug holding a Nintendo Wii controller.
9: A left hand holding up a smart phone.
9: female tennis player in action shot while playing
9: Man with open shirt standing next to bed.
9: The man is running during a baseball game.
9: A large jet sitting on top of an airport runway.
9: The food is ready to be eaten on the table.
9: A bathtub that is in a bathroom under a wooden object.
9: A variety of donuts are sitting on top of a wooden table.
9: a man is doing a trick on a skateboard
9: A person on skis posing for a picture.
9: A room with a chair, blanket, and potted pant.
9: A living room in a small apartment complex.
9: A work desk that holds a computer on top. 
9: Man assembling what appears to be a kite in his home
9: A piece of toast and grapefruit half is on a tray.
9: Many men from the armed services are gathered.
9: A small child in blue on a set of skis
9: Three people drinking wine in a bar are talking about something on their cell phones. 
9: A bicycle in the grass near a body of water. 
9: Two people who are shown hitting a blue ball with a racket.
9: A bathroom with a toilet and a plunger and garbage can.
9: An elephant in captivity walks past a mound of sand.
9: A laptop and a computer monitor on a desk.
9: A laptop with several post-it notes on it.
9: We are looking at a bench and a light in the park.
9: A cat trying to sneak a bite of pizza.
9: The industrial boat looks somewhat like a boat.
9: a black motorcycle parked by the side of the road
9: a couple of people that are laying on a couch
9: A little girl jumps to catch a flying disc on the beach.
9: A group of people around a metal table with umbrellas.
9: A small child attempts to hit a ball with his bat.
9: A collection of silverware resting on a rack.
9: A young man is sitting and talking on the phone. 
9: A white frisbee sitting in a cluster of other items.
9: A reuben sandwich in the hand of a person.
9: The large bug is trapped inside the cage on the counter. 
9: A beach with a bird and buildings in back.
9: Guy in shirt and tie takes a selfie in the car.
9: The corner of a brick building with two signs on the side.
9: A person with orange and blue sneakers stands ona brick floor.
9: a close up shot of a giraffe's chest and long neck
9: A man rides behind a horse during a race.
9: A group of boys playing soccer with most of the team members in a group jumping in the air towards the soccer ball.
9: A fleet of buses parked on an airport tarmac beside jumbo jet airplanes.
9: a train moving along the rail with many besides
9: a man and a woman are standing with some bikes
9: man holding an object in his hand that goes to his mouth
9: A small boy and girl on the beach and the girl has a kite.
9: a bus driving down the road at dusk. 
9: A person is sitting on their surfboard as a wave comes through.
9: A dog that is looking at his reflection in a mirror.
9: A skateboard enthusiast performing a stunt in mid air.
9: a brown and white ram a person some rocks and grass
9: This train car has letters and numbers on it.
9: a woman sleeps on a park bench 
9: The colorful fire hydrant is sitting in the garden.
9: The sides of a black and white screen or object.
9: a multiple colored coach bus is waiting on the street
9: A seafood po'boy sandwich in a styrofoam box
9: there are two people sitting in the grass and talking
9: A small boat with people on the top.
9: a couple of wooden cuckoo clocks on a wall
9: A man playing tennis preparing to swing the racket. 
9: An inner city neighborhood under a dark sky.
9: Two men in military uniform talking to some women.
9: A subway train is covered with colorful graffiti.
9: Police officer standing in front of a public transportation bus. 
9: A row of people following each other on skis on a snowy mountain.
9: Two motorcycles that are standing near a brick wall.
9: Several giraffes are standing near some trees, one is eating.
9: A small green vehicle model is on display next to a busy city street.
9: Girl standing in snowy area holding a ski and ski poles
9: A newly married couple cutting a cake together.
9: Young people painting a mural on a traffic divider.
9: a living room is shown with a vintage television 
9: A small plane that is parked in a hanger.
9: A man walking into the ocean with a surfboard. 
9: A clock monument in the middle of a city street.
9: The miniature plastic toys make up a farm scene.
9: a small bathroom photo with a tiny window
9: a person riding skis on a snowy surface
9: A semi-truck loaded with logs driving down a dirt road.
9: The presenter's notes are projected on the screen.
9: A sliced up personal pizza on a plate
9: A furry cat is in an orange suitcase.
9: a brown wooden chair a window and some brown plants
9: A bird perched on a plate of someones leftover food
9: New cars are loaded on the car carrier, ready for delivery. 
9: Four plates piled high with hot dogs in buns.
9: A statue of a man in a suit with an umbrella.
9: A bird perched on top of a tree branch.
9: A man flying a kite over a field.
9: A group of elephants taking cover from the sun under an area with a canopy.
9: A group of giraffes faces and stare in the same direction while one of the faces and stares in the other .
9: an old clock hanging on a wall in an antique shop
9: A jetliner flying through a light blue sky.
9: A group of people in blue jackets boarding a long white bus.
9: A living room with two stools, table and mirror.
9: A small vase contains an assortment of flowers in a bedroom.
9: A woman with a bowl of food and seated
9: A bull standing over a calf in a large open pasture.
9: A group of people are gathered at the orange stand
9: A man is playing catch with two children and a dog. 

9: A black bear surrounded by logs, rocks, and grass.
9: The young man is playing Frisbee while people watch
9: A stop sign and a garbage can on a street sidewalk.
9: A man in red is walking down the long street. 
9: A little girl feeding an elephant out of the palm of her hand. 
9: A train moving on a track during the day.
9: Several sheep in the dirt and two on the road near a truck. 
9: Two zebras eating in a fenced in enclosure.
9: A man typing on a laptop keyboard in a cluttered work environment.
9: a container of donuts kept closed with a rubberband
9: Tour group preparing to load tour bus in tropical area where palm trees are native.
9: Traffic lights and a thick cloud in the sky.
9: A cat is half way out of a door and window.
9: A white toilet with a black seat sitting in a small stall.
9: A naked woman with a tattoo sits on the edge of a bed.
9: A group of people sitting closely together in a store.
9: Several elephants grazing together in the green grassy field.
9: Several men sitting in a row while they look at their laptops.
9: An elaborate multi-tiered kite has a long red spiral tail.
9: Three giraffes are standing in an enclosed area.
9: The tower of the building has a clock displayed on it. 
9: A person is removing an object from the plastic casing.
9: The tiled bathroom has toilet lid closed with door ajar.
9: A soccer player getting ready to kick a ball.
9: An older flip phone is in someones hands. 
9: A  girl reading a book on a bed next to a man.
9: a train on a train track with power lines above
9: A low lit bedroom with bed, mirror and television.
9: BEAUTIFUL VIEW OF A BLUE SKY TOWERING OVER WHITE CAPPED MOUNTAINS
9: A small toilet lies in a narrow lavatory.
9: Food items next to beverage displayed on wooden surface.
9: The back of a building outside with lots of flowers.
9: A man pointing at something that is  above him
9: there is a small pizza and broccoli on a plate
9: A man standing on a tennis court holding a racquet.
9: A man putting on a polka dot tie.
9: A bowl of food is sitting next to fresh apples.
9: this is a man and woman eating some barbecue
9: a male coming down a snow slope on a pair of skis
9: A single seagull standing on the coast with waves in the background.
9: A small flock of woolly sheep are shown eating a pile of hay.
9: a large clock on top of a green pole
9: The two cows eat at the grass in the field.
9: two horses pull a carriage on a street
9: A woman with a purple cloth over her eyes and head. 
9: A picture of a tall building by a street.
9: A very nice looking tray filled with some tasty looking food.
9: Small hole taken out of the side of a large white cow. 
9: There are french fries and a hotdog on a bun with mustard and cheese.
9: A pair of brand new scissors with more then one blade.
9: A brown bear wearing a pair of red glasses.
9: Man and child on a black motorcycle wearing helmets.
9: Two horses in an enclosed area during the day.
9: An intersection of a city as the signs guide the way.
9: A table is set with a pizza and glasses on it.
9: Guy and his small dog out in a motor boat amongst bigger boats
9: a skull themed lamp on a table 
9: an image of a big cabinet in a living room
9: A jet engine flying over a cloud filled sky.
9: a sandwich in a wrapper on a table
9: a plate of stuffed shells and carrots on a table top. 
9: A man winding up with a frisbee on a court.
9: a couple of signs are hanging on a black pole
9: A dog sitting in front of a camera, with a man.
9: a hat on a table near a cake 
9: A man is holding a donut to his mouth.
9: A colorful cute filled with furniture and flooring.
9: A person riding a boat on the blue ocean.
9: A street sign with the name Fashion District Peter St. in front of a large office building.
9: A refrigerator and a table in a room.
9: A small fruit is sitting on a cutting board next to scissors.
9: A counter top filled with lots of different sweet treats.
9: A yellow train engine pulling train cars over road.
9: A man prepares to hit a tennis ball on a tennis court.
9: A person and a bike on a city street.
9: A stop sigm at an intersection with some graffitti on it.
9: an older man helping a younger man adjust his collar and getting dressed
9: Coca Cola canopies outside next to some tables.
9: A bedroom with a bed that has a blue and white striped comforter.  
9: A man in a tuxedo with a wine glass and two women beside him.
9: A black and white picture of three elephants
9: a pitcher tosses a pitch from the pitchers mound
9: A woman rides the nose of a dolphin in a show
9: A digital picture of a laptop on a yellow surfboard.
9: A foot long hot dog is served on a crusted bun
9: A bed well done with white sheets and pillows
9: all umbrellas are closed at he tables outside the hotel 
9: The junk boats at night with colorful lanterns.
9: An elephant statue in front of an iron fence.
9: Two grown men standing and playing with Wii game controllers in their hands.
9: Several trains are parked next to a platform underneath a ceiling.
9: A man who is holding some food near his mouth.
9: A large red bus driving in heavy traffic.
9: A mountain. Goat on top of a mound of snow
9: A woman sitting on a couch looking at a laptop computer.
9: A black cat resting on a bed wearing a tiny winter hat.
9: a old wooden boat that is destroyed on a grassy area near a black and white dog.
9: a white sink on top of a white cabinet
9: A picture of a water closet with just a toilet. 
9: Two women sitting on a boat laughing with their feet up.
9: Three giraffes are outdoors near some dead trees and water.
9: woman is walking with a dog in her hands
9: This is a picture of a pitcher after just releasing the ball.
9: A bus is parked in a parking lot. 
9: Close up of a zebra's head while it grazes.
9: A kite shaped like a bird is flying high in the air.
9: A yellow fire hydrant on the side of a street.
9: Black and white photograph of two children holding hands.
9: A brown and black striped cat sitting down outdoors.
9: A person wearing a helmet rides a large blue motorcycle
9: A person on a motor bike riding through a forest.
9: A man sits on the couch of a living room while holding a game controller.
9: A large black dog walking across a gravel field with an orange frisbee in it's mouth.
9: A group of people standing next to a giraffe.
9: There are some yummy looking treats with chocolate.
9: a policeman on motorcycle stopped, talking to people.
9: A girl stands next to a rock paper scissor sculpture.
9: The man holding a beverage is about to throw a Frisbee.
9: Two people are on the shore of the beach
9: A commode in the corner of a bathroom.
9: A couple of people on a moped speeding past a box on the street
9: A little girl is sitting on counter eating next to a plate of apples.
9: A sandwich that has food in between the pieces.
9: Skateboarders waiting to hear the go ahead word to skate down a ramp.
9: Silver bowl with eggs and bacon next to a cup of coffee.
9: A man with a bat and an umpire play baseball. 
9: Cows are eating and grazing in the grass.
9: Two zebras in a field hugging each other.
9: A black kitten sitting in an empty flower pot on a wall
9: Antique trains are parked in a terminal with flags.
9: A man sitting a picnic table pouring a drink. 
9: A small efficiency bathroom with two sinks at different levels.
9: a tennis player getting ready to hit a serve
9: A formally dressed man pulls his shirt apart revealing a super man T-shirt
9: People are waiting in a city area to board a bus.
9: two people in scuba diving wear  walking on sand with one of the people holding a surfboard.
9: A group of people standing in various areas on a street.
9: A man in a suit smiles and holds his head.
9: A woman with ski equipment on a snowy mountain.
9: A cabana covered bed on a sandy beach.
9: A little girl and a woman are having their picture taken in front of a desert.
9: A small, white bathroom has a bamboo plant, a single sink and a shower with a shower curtain.
9: A decadent looking waffle sits on a bed of fruit on a rectangular plate.
9: Carrots and small green beans on a white plate. 
9: A very big pretty long horn sheep on a hill.
9: People standing around a soccer field watching two players.
9: A pan of food is in an open electric oven.
9: A little red headed girl walking with a stuffed puppy.
9: A boy swings at a baseball while adults watch.
9: A child looks at the tire of a large dump truck parked near a field.
9: A pizza cutter is designed to look like the Enterprise
9: A skateboarder showing his shoes with several holes in them.
9: A couple of people on a road riding on elephants.
9: Different shots of a woman sitting on a pole with her feet on a hydrant on the phone.
9: This is a clock in between two archways.
9: a large lengthy giraffe standing in a field.
9: A variety of people enjoying a day at the beach.
9: a person attempting a jump with a skateboard
9: A car stopped at an intersection with a red traffic signal.
9: Person in gray hooded jacket attempting t cross busy street.
9: A girl standing in front of a train texting while other passengers wait on a platform.
9: A loosely made bed with a white blanket
9: Looking up at a large clock mounted to the rafters of a tin building
9: Two different colored passenger rail cars on tracks.
9: A family dines at a packed sushi bar and buffet
9: A loaded truck on the road near a residential area.
9: Two hot dogs in buns are smothered with condiments. 
9: This is an interesting patterned clock on the side of a building.
9: A herd of giraffe standing on top of a lush green field.
9: A naked cat laying on a red and pink quilt.
9: A multi-colored transit bus parked next to a sidewalk. 
9: An old table and chair in an overgrown backyard.
9: A clock that is sitting on a mantle.
9: A baby smiles as he plays with a colorful thermometer. 
9: A brown bear sitting on top of a green field.
9: There are a bunch of small toys on the floor together
9: a man taking a picture of himself in a mirror
9: A man is snowboarding down a hill. 
9: a man in a red and black leather jacket on a motorcycle
9: Rush hour traffic in other countries is just as difficult as we face daily.
9: A street sign warning motorists of road humps.
9: A person is riding a surfboard in the water
9: Blue and white street sign next to an open park. 
9: A surfer looks out to sea on a dreary day.
9: A man places a bet at a betting truck in a parking lot.
9: A room with a sink, bed and toilet in it
9: an elephant with a seat on it's back 
9: Two people are out skiing in the cold. One appears to have possibly crashed. 
9: A school bus parked in a grassy area. 
9: A yellow fire hydrant is on the corner of an old sidewalk.
9: A man sitting in a chair looking up and to the right
9: TWO PEOPLE ARE WALKING NEAR A MINI TRUCK IN A STREET.
9: A child and person stand under an umbrella. 
9: A woman checks out a motorcycle in a parking lot
9: An entourage decorated van is parked on the side of the road.  
9: A group of motorcycles on a street next to grassy area.
9: A colorful passenger bus at a city intersection.
9: two black and white cows in one pen and sheep in the other
9: A baby lamb is on the handlebars of a moped.
9: A single giraffe sits on the grass behind a herd of zebras.
9: People are standing together playing with Wii controllers.
9: A bay smiles sitting on a bed looking at a laptop computer.
9: A skier shoots jets of powder as he skies down a slope
9: A Young teenage boy holds up a white decorative plate.
9: A cat sitting on top of some electronics, next to a television.
9: A sandwich filled with meat and lettuce on top of a wooden table.
9: an elephant standing by a little cliff so it can get some water with its trunk 
9: A group of people standing on top of a lush green field.
9: A tennis player serving the ball to his oppenent
9: An orange filed with purple flowers and a heart shape cut.
9: EXTREMELY MISMATCHED KITCHEN WITH BRIGHT BLUE CABINETS AND BROWN FLOOR
9: A clock put on a post in the middle of a golf course.
9: Two people sitting on a bench at the tennis court with tennis equipment. 
9: a close up of a plate with sandwiches on a table
9: A washer and a mirror in a room.
9: A bunch of bikes parked in a two story parking building. 
9: A man standing in front of a tour bus in a rural area
9: A photo of the ocean from a ship window.
9: An unfinished bathroom with a widow and bathtub.
9: A woman riding on a surfboard in the open water.
9: A street with traffic lights and cat sculptures.
9: A clean and white bathroom with a tub, shower and sink.
9: A jetliner pulled up to the airport terminal. 
9: A woman holding a baseball bat having her photo taken
9: A skier stands on a snowy slope in his gear.
9: a man holding up a baseball bat during a baseball game 
9: A baseball game is going on, The baseball player is at bat and is swinging at the ball. There are people attending this game.
9: A man in calm waters has a stick that he is using to stir his surfboard.
9: a bath room with a toilet a bath tub and a sink
9: A zebra stands alone in  bare, artificial habitat.
9: A single elephant standing on the green grass on the plains.
9: A truck parked in a field next to a tree.
9: Pasta with broccoli  and sauce mixed together in a bowl.
9: A woman standing next to a man in front of a projection screen.
9: A man and woman who are standing in the snow.
9: A bedroom with built in bookshelves is pictured.
9: a Christmas ornament shaped like a doughnut decorated in gold 
9: A puppy rests on the street next to a bicycle.
9: a man is running with a tennis racket
9: Skiers are stopped on the top of a mountain by a map.
9: A group of people sitting on mopeds and wearing colorful helmets in a city. 
9: Black and white cat laying on a green pillow.
9: A horse trailer has an advertisement for Cian O'Connor.
9: A giraffe standing next to trees on the plains.
9: People are trekking down a snow covered mountain
9: A red train on railroad tracks as seen from one of the windows
9: One bowl each of chopped onions, shredded carrots and lettuce on a turquoise mat.
9: a yellow sky a male surfer in a wet suit carrying a white board
9: Two zebras by a tree one in the foreground and the other in the background.
9: a couple of zebras stand in front of some giraffes 
9: A large green and white plain on a runway
9: This little boy is walking down a dirt road while hold his stuffed animal toy.
9: a red train docked in the train station
9: The road sign states that the road it a dead end.
9: A man surfing on a large wave in the ocean.
9: A group of children playing in a pile of leaves in a yard. 
9: An old bike sitting outside an antique store.
9: Bald man wearing suit and corsage talking to woman in red dress.
9: a group of people dressed nicely one holding an umbrella in an area overlooking the city down below
9: A blue motorcycle strapped onto a vehicle trailer.
9: A male in a tennis court hitting the ball.
9: a group of girls playing a game of soccer
9: The traffic light is clearly visible for us to see. 
9: A person ridding an elephant on a road in the jungle. 
9: A kite that looks like an octopus being flown.
9: A guy in the grass wit a disc and a club.
9: The street is lined with parking meters. 
9: A group of people ride horses on the beach near the waves. 
9: A pizza with unique toppings on top of a wooden cutting board.
9: A black, grey and white cat sleeping on chair next to a table.
9: A doll next to a small stuffed bear on colorful cloth
9: Several sheep that have bee put in an enclosure.
9: Two white q-tips with cream on the tip
9: Two people sitting on a sandy beach next to surfboards.
9: A metal and glass computer desk with a computer.
9: A woman cutting cake with red stars on it.
9: this living room has a fire place and a tv on the wall
9: Two sandwiches in paper baskets sitting on a blue tray.
9: A black and white cat wearing a pink hat
9: The car was travelling down the road with a lot of luggage stacked on top.
9: Interior kitchen scene showing white fixtures with white wall tiling.
9: A bathroom with blue tile outline around the floor
9: A dog on the floor and a carpet behind it
9: There are many different types of donuts in the box.
9: a room with some furniture and tables inside of it 
9: A park bench in a shabby looking area.
9: Chef at counter with baked goods, baking pans and containers of toppings.
9: A green light at a busy intersection with traffic moving along.
9: A bus is pulled up to a bus stop in the winter.
9: A person holding a donut with a green frosting.
9: A person is in the middle of skiing down some slopes.
9: A white walled bathroom features beige appliances and furniture.
9: a man driving a little boat in the water 
9: Sheep in a snow covered pasture are feeding from a bale of hay.
9: A group of animals stand next to a watering hole.
9: Metal pot with noodles and broccoli sitting inside of it. 
9: This is an image of a woman playing tennis.
9: A train travels underneath a very old bridge.
9: A man having just swung his bat at a baseball
9: a large campaign trailer parked in a parking lot.
9: A young child catching a wave while surfing.
9: A cat lying on a mat on the floor beside a pair of shoes. 
9: A living room with a wood stove is seen from above.
9: A seagull perched on a piece of drift wood near the ocean.
9: There are four hotdogs on this person's plate.
9: A bathroom has a very small toilet with buttons.
9: A man with an amazing beard riding a motorcycle.
9: A woman sits next to her small child who is holding pens.
9: Four men playing a video game together in a large white room.
9: A woman holds an umbrella on a rainy day in the street.
9: A yacht passes by some buildings on the shore.  
9: Two people sit on a golf cart, the man is on the phone.
9: a brown dog with a very big eyes
9: A man sitting on a boat anchor looking at his phone.
9: A bathroom with a toilet and sink attached to the wall.
9: A stop sign at the intersection of two snowy streets with mountains in the distance.
9: A small train on train tracks next to a tree.
9: A woman looking at her phone and holding a yellow umbrella.
9: some people and a blue white red and orange double decker bus
9: A new roll of toilette paper and some reading material or on the stand next to the toilette.
9: The Chinese decorations are large and beautiful. 
9: A brown and white dog looking at the camera.
9: A toilet and a sink in a small bathroom.
9: A man with a knife in a kitchen next to the stove. 
9: a small passenger plane sitting in a filed of airplanes
9: A gas tank is connected to a train cart.
9: A man wearing a hat and holding an object in his hand.
9: There aren't too many of these free-standing clocks left in cities.
9: A blue dump truck sits parked on a residential street.
9: An airplane is on the landing strip preparing to take off.
9: A man that is standing on a sidewalk with a skateboard.
9: Various fruits are placed to look like a happy face.
9: A small blue tray of different types of food.
9: A very tall stone tower with a clock in the center.
9: a truck stopped on a road in front of some trees
9: A bus driving through a rain soaked street.
9: A man on the beach is about to throw the Frisbee. 
9: TWO ZEBRAS FACING OPPOSITE DIRECTION IN THE WILD
9: Three birds are sitting on a wire against the cloudy sky.
9: Four women are posing on top of a bed.
9: People walk around on a busy street. 
9: A man stands on the platform with his back turned to the train.
9: A black and white kitten sits on a bed looking at a mobile phone.
9: A bird standing on a branch near the water.
9: person using a touch screen on a desk
9: THERE IS A CAT THAT IS SITTION ON TOP OF THE SUITCASE
9: A tall giraffe standing next to a baby giraffe.
9: four soccer players in white uniforms one in orange
9: a fish eye lens photograph of a man standing in a stadium with stacked chairs
9: A dog sitting on a chair with a look of anticipation.
9: GOLF BAGS AND A SUITCASE IN THE BACK OF A TRUNK
9: A cow standing on a hill in a mountain valley.
9: A woman and her friend sitting at a table.
9: Two people are skiing behind a fence. 
9: Several pizza delivery bicycles sit next to a truck.
9: A man is on a bridge looking at his phone.
9: A big white big with a night stand next to it in a big room.
9: A close-up picture of cut oranges on a plate, with blurred bananas in the background.
9: Two people compete to catch a frisbee as spectators look on.
9: A person preparing a hearty meal for his breakfast.
9: Two vehicles with people clear out a field.
9: Guys look through the cabinets and refrigerator. 
9: A keyboard and mouse in front of a computer.
9: A woman propped up on a bench with a book in her hand.
9: An old bench is right on the oceans edge.
9: a small white bathroom with a curtain for the shower
9: A man whose head is not pictured stands on his bed
9: A dog standing on a bed looking down at the floor.
9: some drawings on the side of the train, right above the wheel
9: A view of a Rhode Island town with a large building at the fore front.
9: a person sitting on the edge of body of water with a surfboard 
9: There is a row of people at a bar
9: A group of people that are standing in the ocean.
9: A woman sitting on a wooden bench next to a rock wall.
9: A boy throwing a green frisbee in a grass field.
9: Two woman laying on surfboards in the sand.
9: Two white bowls are underneath a facet and there are two mirrors in the shape of a sun that is above the bowls.
9: two people holding ski boards standing on a snow covered area.
9: A close up of the stems of flowers in a clear vase with water
9: A man and woman tennis player shaking hands on the court 
9: A horse and a cow are walking in a field.
9: A train sitting on the tracks next to a platform.
9: Electronic equipment displayed on neat desk next to bed.
9: A group of men standing with some bottles by a table.
9: a colorful bus decorated with lights is standing on road at night.
9: A grey cat smelling a cut filled donut on a plate.
9: a person holding a surf board near a body of water
9: A person is sitting with many surf boards.
9: Some very pretty giraffes in a field of tall grass.
9: a person riding down a street on a motor cycle 
9: A chair next to a table that has electronic items on it.
9: a man in a coat skiing down a hill
9: some people on some brown grass and kites
9: The boats are standing alone in the water.
9: A baseball game with team mates standing by the dugout and fans in the stands.
9: A clock tower is raised in front of a blue sky.
9: The Big Ben clock tower towering over the city of London.
9: A group of elephants walking across a large river.
9: Three zebra grazing in the grass on a sunny day.
9: A clock sitting under a cloudy blue sky.
9: a telephone pole with some signs on it 
9: A man and a woman outside with a dog.
9: A cat laying in a white sink in a room.
9: A table with a few vases on it with flowers.
9: A man wearing a suit is tying his tie.
9: A woman eating a giant hot dog with both of her hands.
9: A small white kitchen with a stove, refrigerator, table, and dishwasher.
9: A man sits at a desk looking at a laptop.
9: a black dog resting his head on the armrest of a sofa
9: View of a dining room table at 2:50.
9: The ingredients for a mixed drink sitting in a blender.
9: A woman with a blue head wrap sitting on a bench. 
9: A bag of food on a table surface outside.
9: A sunny day on a public beach with many people enjoying different activities.
9: A black and white motorcycle parked on the sidewalk outside a store.
9: A cat curls up on top of many papers. 
9: A group of sheep following a man down the road.
9: An orange tabby cat is curled on top of a black bag.
9: A man takes a picture of a modern looking bathroom.
9: a public transit bus on a city street 
9: Several different plants sitting iin a watery setup
9: A woman sitting in front of a pot on a table
9: A red pickup truck parked next to a building.
9: A red and white train near a terminal in a city setting.
9: A slice of thin crust pizza on a white plate.
9: A single horse walking on a rocky trail.
9: Three people with umbrellas sitting on a boat.
9: A small grey adorable elephant stands on a puddle at a zoo.
9: THERE ARE A LOT OF STUFF TOYS ON THE BED
9: The cat is looking up into the colorful television screen. 
9: The small television is underneath a portrait and above a fireplace.
9: Two men playing a game of frisbee while an audience watches.
9: A man is caught holding a dirty magazine while on a toilet near a sink in a restroom, with a second magazine lies on the floor beside him.
9: A man sitting in a chair in a field next to a giraffe.
9: A giraffe bending over and licking a log.
9: A boy standing next to motor bikes with buses behind him
9: Two signs show a street is blocked and detoured.
9: A little girl posing for a photo next to an elephant.
9: a red and  black bus being towed in by a flatbed
9: a man stands over an area with a couple of giraffes in it 
9: The banana plant is growing fruit that is almost ready to be picked.
9: An individual is doing something that is uncommonly entrancing. 

9: Boy on a skateboard coming down from the top of a blue and green statue.
9: A suit case and a large leaf setting next to a car.
9: A watch, a phone, and a pen sitting on a table.
9: An older man walking down the street near stairs.
9: A couple of dogs standing each other up being playful.
9: A person on a skateboard on the ground of a park.
9: A car drives on the road while a woman walks.
9: a man that is surfing in some waves 
9: A man holding a tennis racquet with both hands.
9: A white cat lays with his head next to a mouse.
9: A person who is skiing down a course.
9: Several types of trucks parked near a building.
9: A person is cross country skiing in the mountains.
9: A photo of an old kitchen with pots and pans everywhere.
9: A small vase of flowers sit on a wooden table near magazines.
9: A bundle of food items including eggs and fruit in a basket .
9: A bunch of people in a very big grassy field.
9: A double decker bus is parked next to a building.
9: A woman in a bra and black and pink pants in a kitchen.
9: A picture in black and white of a person holding a blue umbrella next to a river.
9: A single giraffe is walking through tall grass.
9: a closeup of pasta and broccoli covered in a creamy white sauce
9: a brown and white ox a motorcycle and a shop
9:  A picture of skiers skiing on the snow
9: a horse grazes on some grass in front of a tree
9: Four persons skiing on snow clad mountains and slopes.
9: a van parked in a outdoor parking lot
9: A dog in a field trying to catch a frisbee
9: Street signs at an intersection on a day without clouds in the sky.
9: A dresser with several jewelery boxes and other personal items on it.
9: The white and orange cat is laying inside of a bathroom sink.
9: A giraffe is standing in a fenced in area.
9: Leaves are falling from trees in a park type setting.
9: The cars are sharing the busy road with the horse.
9: A black and white kitchen has red and white lights.
9: A sandwich cut in half sitting on wrapper.
9: bus and a car stopped at a traffic light
9: This is a picture of a man in a tie. 
9: Two burgers sit on a plate next to carrots and potatoes.
9: A group of people  in a room with many laptops.
9: In a desert area, a black dog leaps from the ground as a white Frisbee hovers near his nose.
9: A young man is on a tennis court with his racquet raised.
9: a black and white photo of a train on a track
9: a young kid does a trick on a surf boar
9: Woman standing on floor performing with onlooker nearby.
9: A crowd of people wearing skis on a snowy mountain.
9: The people are holding a sign while taking a picture
9: A person rest their feet and works on a computer.
9: A person with tennis shoes on with their feet crossed on a bed.
9: A man in a red jacket holding musical instruments.  
9: Two asian teenagers standing outside of a building.
9: several birds are walking in a line through some water
9: A row of buildings and a city street on a hill that is pretty steep.
9: Two cranes behind a stop sign and a street sign indicating Fort York Blvd.
9: a night view of a street with lights from cars
9: Racer driving a high performance motorcycle on track
9: A dining table sits with a table cloth, near bright, open windows.
9: A kid doing a trick with a skate board on sidewalk.
9: The two skateboarders are trying the new tricks they have learned.
9: a few elephants walking on a body of water
9: a kid is swinging a baseball bat at a game
9: I don't know what  this image is that the birds are on.
9: A wooden bench is out in nature on a nice day.
9: A person in bed watching a video on a laptop.
9: A man holding up a  blue mug in front of a clock.
9: People watching a train arrive at a train station.
9: a man trying to heard some goats in a field.
9: A very big pretty elephant laying down in the water.
9: A man walking down a dark ally. 
9: A picture of a playing field from the stands during a game.
9: A red and yellow train going down the train track.
9: A passenger bus is on the street in front of houses.
9: Birds perched on some wood by an expanse of water
9: Many people ride ski lifts and ski down a hill in the snow.
9: An odd looking clock on the side of a building above a large group of people.
9: A black and yellow train traveling on the tracks
9: A man leaning over a pen full of sheep.
9: The person i son the sand with a surfboard in their hands. 
9: a close up of some cakes on a table 
9: A female tennis player lifting up her skirt
9: A group of people on ski's inside of the water.
9: This is two people about to eat some food with chopsticks.
9: a woman walks with some sheep down a walk way 
9: Multi-colored roses in a mason jar with small tins.
9: A green and yellow rain on tracks with building in background.
9: Man woman in their bathroom brushing their teeth.
9: A couple of people that are playing with a baseball.
9: a man sitting on the sidewalk weighing some potatoes 
9: a black cat sitting in a white bathtube looking down
9: A group of people on horses on a beach.
9: Two women are playing a Wii game at a banquet hall.
9: Two dogs are sitting in a basket on a bicycle.
9: An apple mouse sitting next to a computer.
9: A woman is holding a cat in her kitchen.
9: A line of motorcycles parked on a street
9: Sandwich plate with a few vegetables sitting on a plate. 
9: A little girl walking across green grass to get a frisbee.
9: Three fat birds stand next to a metal grate. 
9: some people and a male in a white jacket and his cellphone
9: A baseball player waiting for his turn in baseball game.
9: Two adults and one baby elephant walling the plains.
9: A man and woman walking horses in water with rocks around.
9: a close up of a sandwich on a table 
9: Group of motorcycles parked near MOTO Shop sign.
9: A batter, catcher and runner during a baseball game.
9: these men are talking and using computers in public
9: A table with measuring cups and bowls on it
9: a woman holding an umbrella with a hand bag
9: The bus is parked next to the curb.
9: A dish of prepared food has rice, broccoli, and shrimp.
9: A family sits down to a hearty meal. 
9: One cat sleeping on sofa arm and another on sofa cushion.
9: I am unable to see the image above.
9: A parking meter with graffiti drawn on it.
9: A group of people standing on a sidewalk with a train going by.
9: Two children pose for a photo while on skis.
9: A black crib is in a room with colorful carpets and walls.
9: A woman standing in the grass flying a kite.
9: A double decker bus parked by a building with a number of officials nearby.
9: This pictures shows a wooden bench on a street side.
9: Yellow green and white cake with ornaments sitting in a box. 
9: A group of children are enjoying cake at a party.
9: A person holds up an old flip style cell phone
9: A hand holds an old-style flip phone in the open position.  
9: A tennis player gets ready to hit the ball as a crown watches from the bleachers.
9: A bear standing on the ground nest to a fence.
9: One girl trying to rip out the soccer ball while others watch.
9: A large bus parked in a parking lot 
9: A shirtless skateboarder enjoying his sport with no protective gear on.
9: a person in a red top is laying on a brown couch
9: That son almost looks like a stop sign with no words on it.
9: Large pizza sitting on a serving dish on top of a table. 
9: A woman riding a horse alongside the beach.
9: A couple walks along the beach looking at a parasailer in the water. 
9: Five cups full of liquid set on a table.
9: A herd of zebra standing under a rainbow.
9: Half of a thin crust gourmet broccoli pizza
9: Several snow skiers are at the top of a mountain.
9: A person that is doing a skateboard trick.
9: Woman sitting on bench reading in large open space.
9: A man is sitting outside under an umbrella.
9: Inflatable mattress on a screened in porch 
9: The donuts have been presented in an assorted fashion.
9: A red sign says Caution Children at Play.
9: A person standing on a sandy beach near the ocean.
9: TWO YOUNG GIRLS ARE STANDING ON THE TIRE WELL OF A FOOD TRUCK
9: Two elephants taking a stroll in the wilderness.
9: A boy is doing a skateboard trick outside
9: A dark, empty room with a couch and table.
9: A baby elephant rolling around in red mud.
9: The man watches the little boy on the surf board. 
9: A large multi layered cake has a ball of yarn and sewing needles on top.
9: A man flying through the air over the water on a board while holding a rope.
9: A person in a wet suit surfing on a large wave.
9: a man that is jumping with a racket in hand
9: A figurine of a young Victorian lady holding a parasol.
9: A train is driving on the snowy tracks
9: A WOMAN AND A DOG IS SURFING IN THE BEACH
9: A teal bowl sits on a counter next to a microwave.
9: A skier in midair after jumping a ramp on a ski slope.
9: A group of young boys standing next to each other in front of a building.
9: Black and white photograph of a man on skateboard in street.
9: A large clock standing in front a building with lots of windows.
9: some bananas are in a bowl on a table
9: A woman holds a cake in front of a baby in a high chair. 
9: A bathroom with a shower curtain over the tub next to a white toilet.
9: A group of four playing Frisbee in a yard.
9: a number of elephants near a muddy body of water
9: a tennis player is sitting on a bench with rackets
9: the propeller of a white plane flying and a river
9: a person riding a motorcycle on a closed course 
9: Four men stand behind a couch playing a video game.
9: A dog catching a frisbee in a yard 
9: A blonde haired baby wrapped up in a blanket.
9: A bus stopped in the street near some parked cars and a building.
9: A very young girl is about to grab and upside down umbrella. 
9: some snow skiers are going up a hill
9: A slice of decorated cake with an orchid on top
9: Four mean at a skate park during the day. 
9: two people surfing a small wave in the water.
9: A white bus is parked at a station where people are waiting.
9: A elephant that is standing on a sidewalk.
9: A tennis player's image is blurry through the tennis net.
9: The small bathroom is lit by lights above the mirror.
9: A young tennis player tries to hit the ball. 
9: A person reaches for a container on a counter. 
9: Several men playing with a soccer ball in a park.
9: A burrito along with some other spanish foods
9: A young man swinging a bat during a ball game.
9: A young boy in riding clothes rides a horse.
9: A horse and carriage parked beside a building.
9: A small sign by a big hill filled with umbrellas.
9: A room with a ladder, small table and bicycle and two people outside.
9: A person on a snowboard doing a trick.
9: A very cute green wooden bench and some very pretty flowers.
9: a man that is surfing in a body of water
9: A bathroom with sinks, a brass counter and decorative shower stall.
9: A square, white cake sits on a round plate and is decorated with strawberries.
9: a bunch of stacked cookies on a table
9: A decorated room has chairs, a table, and a sofa.
9: A cat sitting in front of a laptop computer.
9: Food on a table prepared to it with beverages.
9: A mother zebra and her baby standing next to a fallen tree.
9: A young girl having fun going down the stairs on her skate board
9: a girl in full riding gear riding a brown horse
9: Several baseball players in an altercation with one head locking the other,
9: A group of zebras walking around their enclosure
9: A teddy bear sitting in front of a back pack.
9: A few slices of a sandwich on a plate with tomato and lettuce on a table near other plates with sandwiches.
9: A PLATE OF RICE MEAT AND VEGETABLES 
9: A long row of train carts sitting in a yard of tracks.
9: A line of bicycle racks all have bicycles attached.
9: A man on surfboard riding a wave with dark sky in background.
9: a green and white train on train tracks
9: A kid hanging out a window while holding an umbrella.
9: One black and grey cat crawling under a white bathtub.
9: A baby horse suckling from underneath his mother.
9: an airplane is in position on the runway
9: Authentic old looking photo of a woman milking some cattle
9: Giraffe in an animal pen eating from a feeder hanging on the ceiling.
9: A pretty smiling lady holding something in the dark.
9: People are waiting alongside a train track for the train to stop.
9: A couple of big buses with two levels in a grassy lot.
9: A tennis player wearing an orange skirt holds her racket back as a yellow ball is in the air near her.
9: A stop sign is on a large metal industrial machine.
9: A large white airplane and a person on a lot.
9: The bathroom with the white tile has been cleaned. 
9: The computer on the desk was left on. 
9: An old fire hydrant on an empty sidewalk.
9: A couple of large trucks in the grass.
9: two people standing in a field on al cloudy day flying a kite
9: A can sitting on a kitchen counter under a cat oven mitt.
9: three different black and white clocks signs and a building
9: A group of men play frisbee in a park.
9: A passenger train traveling over snowy train tracks.
9: A display with multiple flip phones in different colors. 
9: A living room and dining room are in pink and green.
9: A man water skiing in a yellow jacket
9: A stuffed bear that is wearing a mask.
9: A parking tole that is old ad somewhat rusted 
9: A hot dog with tomatoes in a container.
9: A beach with a line of red umbrellas and chairs
9: A man takes a picture of an elephant's trunk.
9: A dog takes a nap on some very snugly blankets.  
9: some horses in a field of green grass with a sky in the background 
9: A woman standing in front of a refrigerator freezer in a black dress.
9: A dog sits on a blanket on a couch.
9: an image of a wheel barrow with people looking
9: a small plane is sitting on a runway
9: A cat and a dog lie next to each other on a bed.
9: A man in black shirt standing in field with baseball mitt.
9: A kitchen has an island, icebox, and sink in it.
9: someone that is mixing up a dessert in a mixer
9: some peppered eggs on a white plate on a cutting board
9: A bathroom with a wall mounted white toilet and a large window.
9: A green train drives by people on the platform.
9: The plates of desserts are near glasses of water.
9: A zebra standing in a dirt covered area.
9: a small child holding a luggage bag in an air port
9: Three women, one with a skateboard outside a store
9: A black and white dog examines something on the ground.
9: a bathroom with a sink and a mirror and a window
9: A man with glasses and wearing a tie.
9: The man is typing on his red laptop on a table
9: A giraffe in a field next to tree and body of water.
9: A couple is dressed in devil costumes for Halloween.
9: A church steeple with a clock on the front of it
9: A tennis player lurches forward after hitting the ball toward the other side. 
9: The bed made up with a blue blanket has an orange pillow on it.
9: a bicycle is outside of a large window
9: A man on a motorcycle stopped on a city street.
9: A picture of some people near a building next to a picture of some vehicles on a road.
9: Balloons and banners decorate the open fair grounds.
9: Animals standing beside each other in a grassy field. 
9: Food stands with red umbrellas on a crowded street.
9: A group of giraffe standing next to each other.
9: A man and woman standing in front of microphones.
9: some men in uniforms and some brown and black horses
9: A man on a rocky beach holding a surfboard.
9: a black and white picture of a blue fire hydrant. 
9: A couple of giraffes eating hay from a trough.
9: a yellow and red fire hydrant close to the road 
9: It's necessary to tie down a light airplane so it won't be tossed by the wind.
9: A commercial jet with its wheels down in a blue sky
9: A giraffe stands with its legs askew as it bends its head down.
9: A man sitting at a table with a plate and cup in front of him and two other guys in the background.
9: A man that is standing on a tennis court with a racquet.
9: Lone bench on side of expansive bay with sailboats in distance.
9: Some cookies left out on a tray sitting on a table along with a satchel and vase of flowers.
9: A airport runway with a large plane and cars parked on one side.
9: Three people on beach with surfboard and boogie board.
9: A woman sitting on an train seat holding a cell phone.
9: Two bullet trains are on next to each other at a train station.
9: A tall building that has a clock with roman numerals on it. 
9: A cat looking in a mirror with a woman behind him. 
9: An adult attempting to teach a youngster to ski.
9: a line of motorcycles sitting in line 
9: a group of cows graze on some grass 
9: A miniature town with toy trains running on tracks. 
9: A group of people laying on sleeping bags grabbing food from a box.
9: A beach chair with an umbrella on a beach by the water.
9: A young boy in white shirt doing a trick on skateboard.
9: a large air plane flying in a sky
9: A woman sitting in a room near some computers.
9: A cat that is looking up while sitting down.
9: children in a park two are sitting on a play giraffe
9: a dog sitting at a desk with a laptop
9: a tennis player getting ready to hit a serve
9: A multi-colored chair made out of different briefcases.
9: Woman looking at other graduates at ceremony at school event.
9: A person putting a red hat on top of a dogs head.
9: A fire hydrant sits on a brick walkway near an asphalt street.
9: A toilet bowl sitting on a cloth next to a wall near some bags and buckets.
9: A person cutting up a slice of pizza with a knife and fork.
9: A crowd has gathered outside of the monument to fly kites.
9: Airplanes are lined up at the airport with a city in the background.
9: a dish with broccoli and a pan of noodles
9: The cars at the intersection are waiting for the pedestrians to cross.
9: A large tower that has a clock on the top of it.
9: A big fruit and vegetable store showing the outside displays.
9: A herd of animals grazes in a field while a zebra nurses its foal.
9: A romantic couple sits close together on a park bench.
9: A man in a suit jacket is standing behind bottles of wine.
9: three baby elephants walking down a dirt path next to an adult elephant.
9: A tennis player getting ready to swing at the ball.
9: A guy with glasses looking at some food that he is holding.
9: a sign showing a place beside the road 
9: There is a man sitting on a motor cycle.
9: Four bowls sit on a blue table cloth and in the bowls are different types of food and vegetables.
9: A gray cat looking at itself in the mirror.
9: two elephants are in some water and there are green bushes 
9: People with backpacks shopping at an outdoor stand with fruits and vegetables.
9: A very nice honda motorcycle in front of a car.
9: A brown horse standing on top of a dirt and grass field.
9: A swan looking paddle boat is out on the water.
9: A truck that is driving under a stoplight.
9: Small red and white train passing while people take pictures.
9: The man is on the top of the snowy hill skiing.
9: A photo of a stove with omelet in one pan and ham in another.
9: a man sitting down in front of his skiis
9: A guy standing by a couple of very nice motorcycles.
9: a woman gets ready to perform a serve 
9: A large semi truck driving down the middle of a street.
9: A large semi truck parked on the side of a street . 
9: a car drives down a dirty olf rainy road
9: Canoes and motor boats sit along the water's edge.
9: a bathroom that has  a tub and a curtain in it
9: a brown and white horse and a black horse in a field
9: A bird is standing on the ground surrounded by leaves. 
9: Two giraffes in an enclosure near a body of water. 
9: A long desk with multiple computers and television monitors.
9: There are two types of animals eating grass together 
9: A baseball game is being played before a crowd.
9: A blue street sign marks Hollywood Boulevard. 
9: A train on a track going near some cows.
9: A couple of people on a court playing tennis.
9: Herd of elephants on dirt area with a baby elephant.
9: The person is taking a picture of herself in the bathroom.
9: a person riding skis on a snowy surface
9: The small bench is nestled under the tree.
9: A picture of a baseball game taken from behind home plate.
9: Three toddlers standing in the grass holding stuffed animals.
9: A PERSON IS LAUGHING EATING A BANANA 
9: A bus and car on a city street.
9: Bird feeding from a gourd feeder in a garden
9: A bench sitting in front of a brick wall on a patio.
9: Young skateboarder flipping the skateboard during a trick. 
9: There are many books and magazines in the small room.
9: A red fire hydrant sitting in front of a bus.
9: A giraffe reaching up to some tree branches
9: A vase with rocks and bamboo in it sitting on a wooden table.
9: A woman is holding a gray kitten near a bathroom.
9: A very clean bathroom is styled in a somewhat vintage fashion.
9: A bathroom with the toilet opened and looks quite dirty. 
9: a group of cars next to a train
9: a little boy that is standing on a surfboard
9: A group of people walking through an airport.
9: a kitten in a suitcase pawing at a pillow
9: A person holds a sprinkle covered doughnut to a cat's face.
9: a black and white cat in a car and some trees
9: Six adult males outside jumping up in the air.  
9: A chubby dog is taking a nap on a teddy bear.
9: A man rared back with a tennis racquet on a court.
9: A man with glasses is talking on the phone.
9: A woman in a black dress reading a magazine with a gray umbrella. 
9: a white beear with a blue bottle under water
9: Two people playing a video game on a television.
9: A very nice looking glass case with many vases. 
9: A spacious and airy room with sofa, table, chairs and LED.
9: A man with a skateboard eats a meal.
9: A white toilet sitting next to a sink.
9: A man walking near a shoreline with a surf board under his arm.
9: A man cuts a dessert with a knife on a blue table.
9:  A person crouching down beside a bunk bed.
9: A blue and white airplane with a silver plane in foreground.
9: Theater ticket, cellular phone, and The Twilight Saga Eclipse photo featuring Taylor Lautner. 
9: A kitchen with a metallic stove top sitting  under a window.
9: A traffic light and a red sign saying "WHEN RED LIGHT SHOWS WAIT HERE"
9: chicken and broccoli dish with some kind of what looks to be sweet and sour sauce.
9: Toilet, ladder, and potted plant among outdoor garden supplies.
9: A horse pulling a cart down a road.
9: This is an image of a sandwich and onion rings.
9: A couch and table in a small room.
9: A guy on  a surf board by a very big wave.
9: A motorcycle on display near people standing around and talking.
9: A window view shows a rainy street outside.
9: Several double decker buses driving down the road.
9: A white cake topped with berries and a plate of fruit and cheeses.
9: The animal is on the rock with the pink and yellow discs.
9: Two men sitting across from one another with a table in between.
9: Someone got out of the bed without making it up.
9: The cat sleeps peacefully on a comfy pillow.
9: A commercial airplane flying through the sky during the day.
9: A plate of hot dogs and other food.
9: A man stands on a street corner in front of graffiti.
9: A white dog playing with a green frisbee.
9: A living room with hard wood floors and a tv over a fireplace.
9: A white cat sitting before a bench surrounded by plants in planters.
9: Two birds that are standing in the water.
9: A man stands on his skateboard while on a carpeted floor.
9: A little boy that is sitting down next to some stuffed bears.
9: a large square pizza cut into smaller squares
9: A lady talking on a cellphone walking down a street holding a 
Starbucks cup.
9: A group of people sitting around tables for a meal.
9: An evening scene shows power lines and stop lights.
9: Prepared food with a drink on a white plate.
9: A young man sitting on a bench using a cell phone.
9: Decorative objects on a counter in front of a framed picture.
9: A clock is sitting behind a short fence
9: A bowl of soup with chicken, zucchini, tomato, shrimp and other foods.
9: Three guitars are on the stand beside a book case.
9: The cat is laying on top of the laptop. 
9: A chandelier hanging above a table with a vase of flowers in front of a window 
9: A bus that is driving down the road.
9: A lonely stop sign on a corner in a remote place.
9: A man in a black hat posing with his horse.
9: two suitcases made of leather and stacked on top of each other
9: Several tall buildings on a street and one of them has a clock on it. 
9: A person riding on a snowboard doing a round on the snow.
9: A pastoral area has trees, overgrown vegetation, and a line of barrels in its furthest part, while beyond the barrel line, in the foreground, sits an area of short grass that is being grazed by several knots of cows. 
9: A man stands in the snow in a forest.
9: The horse is practicing jumping over hurdles with the trainer.
9: a white toilet in a bathroom with white walls 
9: a brown and white dag laying on a gray couch with the sun shining through the window
9: A man flying a kite in a parking area near a lake.
9: A person using skis and poles in the snow.
9: In person cuddling in a blanket with a cat
9: THERE IS AN IMAG EOF A TRAIN OVER A BRIDGE
9: A small bathroom is tiled in various shades of blue.
9: a couple of horses poke their head over a rock pile
9: A group of people near a  small railroad train in a mall
9: A square, wood boat transporting people across a lake.
9: Group of people standing outside of a door with a gate.
9: people on a field playing a game of soccer 

9: A giraffe and its young on an open prairie.
9: A group of white sheep in grassy area next to trees.
9: Dog lays down in front of two closed glass doors inside a house. 
9: A very pretty horse pulling a cart on a street.
9: A picture of a street light and sign showing the street names.
9: Three men sitting around a table with wine on it. 
9: a person walks in a big building 
9: three people standing holding surf boards on a beach
9: A bathroom with blue walls and white tiles.
9: There is a multi colored motorcycle parked in front of stores
9: A man wearing glasses in a car holding a cat.
9: The man is surfing a wave in the ocean.
9: A gray airplane flies in the gray sky.
9: We are looking at a baseball game in progress.
9: this is a woman pushing some luggage at the airport
9: Three birds sitting underneath a window, that is open.
9: A green field filled with colored umbrellas under a blue sky.
9: A computer model of two surfers on the water.
9: The pond, surrounded by trees, and a fence on one side, has several row boats in it, as people paddle them around on a sunny day.
9: A Bllabong sign is directly is sitting in the studio. 
9: A man is holding  tennis racquet in order to hit the ball.
9: there are many sheep that are on this field
9: A horse drawn carriage in a city stopped for a break.
9: A man in a business suit smiles for the camera.
9: Vegetables in a blender measuring cup on a counter.
9: Two guys are riding small size motorized vehicles.
9: A guy is having fun skiing down the slope of the hill.
9: A dog on a leash attached to a fire hydrant.
9: A fire silver and red fire hydrant is in the grass near a curb.
9: An icy snow pile with a fire hydrant in the middle and a bicycle leaning on the side.
9: A teenager standing on a ramp while holding a skateboard.
9: A merchant selling oranges off of his truck.
9: This is a pink bow tie that has sail boats on it. 
9: The blue vase stands next to the painting.
9: A bedroom with a bed, a dresser, a desk, a mirror, and decorated walls.
9: An old picture of children playing near a building
9: A youth skateboarding on a ramp outside during the day.
9: Mounted police officer standing in the middle of a crosswalk.
9: Group of young men playing with a disk toy.
9: The construction work makes it difficult to get around.
9: People are standing outside holding umbrellas near a banner.
9: A desk in a classroom with a blackboard behind it
9: A traffic sigh stating an area is restricted and no thru traffic is allowed.
9: The woman with the white towel on her head head is holding a frisbee. 
9: A toy figure standing alone with a skateboard.
9: Church tower, beige stone color under partly cloudy skies. 
9: A man in the kitchen holding a container of milk.
9: A man wearing a wetsuit holding a surfboard under his arm.
9: A train is in an otherwise empty train station.
9: A corner with some shelves that is cluttered with items.
9: A plate of food with stuffed chilies and a side of vegetables next to a pitcher of a pink beverage.
9: two cows eating grass in a field with trees
9: A train is traveling down train tracks outside a residential area.
9: A white cat staring at a green bowl filled with water.
9: A fighter jet parked for spectators to take photos.
9: Several people in black and white standing together.
9:  a woman smoking a cigarette near a girl sitting inside of a refridgerator.
9: a glass vase on a pillar with a green plant
9: a clock on a wall under a window
9: Two men greeting each other before a game of tennis.
9: a living room with a sectional couch, easy chair and glass desk covered in papers
9: Several elephants grazing in a marshy area with babies.
9: Panda climbing up a tree to his wooden bed in zoo.
9: A group of giraffe standing next to a wooden fence.
9: A large group enjoying conversation and dinner at a banquet type function.
9: People walk and stand near an approaching train.
9: The skier easily glides across the snow on a sunny day.
9: A little dog rests her head in an open book.
9: Several surfers in different positions along a large wave.
9: A woman looks as if she is rejecting a kiss from a horse. 
9: A roll of cotton and a pair of scissors
9: A plane that is flying high above the power lines.
9: A person laying their face on an orange cat.
9: a couple of cows that are out front of a bus
9: A group of people crossing a street with umbrellas.
9: A bedroom with blue curtains and colorful bedding.
9: A man holding a black suit case inside a boxed truck.
9: A table holds a spread of pies, whipped cream and deviled eggs.
9: a tennis player with a tennis racket 
9: This appears to pizza with some significant multiple toppings.
9: A bed and a desk with a computer are shown here.
9: An empty bathroom with a toilet, bathtub and sink.
9: there are three pictures of a man hitting a tennis ball
9: The man is flying his kite high in the sky.
9: A man in a yellow shirt jumping over three people.
9: A bicycle is in a storage closet near other old objects.
9: A bathroom that has a tile floor and a toilet with the lid open.
9: Young men are standing next to a brown horse.
9: A bacon, eggs, and toast breakfast complete with coffee and orange juice.
9: Two young men standing on a green field playing frisbee.
9: two people sitting at a table with many wine glasses
9: A black railroad train approaching the train platform
9: A man and woman standing next to each other on skis
9: A boy on a little league team swings a bat at a baseball.
9: There is something missing under that wooden shelf.
9: A man opening the oven with food in one hand.
9: A freestanding traffic light on a street corner changes colors. 
9: Two animals playing outside on a tree branch.
9: A white tour bus on a street in a city.
9: A blue and white statue of a giraffe.
9: A very nice looking fighter type plane in the grass.
9: Two riders guide their horses along a rock strewn sandy beach.
9: A Star Wars scene with toy figures with skateboard and umbrella.
9: a pillow a bed a table and two books
9: a dog wearing a sweater laying its head on a keyboard
9: An intricate shower handle in a bathtub. 
9: A delicious fruit-filled dessert on a white plate.
9: A pitcher throwing a ball at a game.
9: The man is sitting in the park on the grass with his large, black dog on his lap.
9: A snowy park scene with two main trees
9: a girl sitting on a pillow while doing some homework
9: A skier makes his way up a snowy hill, eschewing the lift. 
9: A man with a beard looks pensive and wears a tie.
9: Skier performing aerial jump during outdoor competition gathering.
9: Two people taking a picture together next to a crowd of people.
9: a boy and a girl are skateboarding and some buildings
9: a couple of zebras standing in some grass
9: A man and woman are seated at a table with many glasses of wine.
9: A woman sitting on stairs has a suitcase full of books. 
9: A man standing at home plate at a baseball field getting ready to bat,
9: An elephant stands with its front feet in shallow water. 
9: some people on some green grass flying a large kite
9: A bathroom mirror with a sink and a reflection of a man in it.
9: a church with two clocks built on the side of the building
9: six teenage girls hanging out on a wall while a boy stands alone looking down
9: A woman with short, brown hair is looking into a circular mirror and holding a camera up to her cheek.
9: Three birds stand around on a sandy beach.
9: a giraffe reaching up to eat some leaves next to a building 
9: A colorful passenger train pulled by a green engine.
9: a bathroom with a tub and sink inside of it 
9: A person walking out of the waves with a surfboard.
9: A person feeding a giraffe a cracker through a fence.
9: A smiling woman on a bright orange motorcycle.
9: A picture of a stop sign at an intersection.
9: A street sign on a street corner 
9: A cell phone box is sitting on a table.
9: A train yard holds several trains in wait.
9: San Francisco Giants pitcher standing on the mound looking at a runner on base and an umpire
9: a boy that is surfing in some water
9: A young child who is swinging a tennis racket.
9: On a dark street a red fire hydrant glows.
9: A white sink and shower in a room.
9: A large group of people eating under a tent.
9: Angle shot of stop sign with graffiti and "3-way" sign.
9: Two guiding signs are pictured in front of a busy street.
9: A close shot of a half eaten pastry.
9: A long yellow train is on the train tracks by an old building.
9: A building at a railroad crossing billows smoke.
9: A man with a hot dog somewhere outside.
9: a big bed sitting in a room next to a window 
9: A tall man eating and drinking next to a lady
9: A red fire hydrant by a tree-lined sidewalk near a red brick mansion.
9: a parked train sits on the train tracks 
9: a park bench that is on top of some bricks
9: A man kneels on the beach preparing a kite.
9: Several plastic bags of goldfish for sale beneath an umbrella.
9: part of a train with some graffiti on it
9: A teddy bear that looks like it was made out of chocolate. 
9: A bedroom has green carpeting, blue walls, a bank of window with blinds,  with colored partitions, a chair with colored stripes, and a double bed with a headboard of differently hued wood panels, and yellow and blue linens and pillows. 
9: A man has stuffed a jelly doughnut into his mouth.
9: a bunch of people on skiing on a hill
9: A polar bear swimming up close to a photographer.
9: All way stop sign at the intersection of Prairie Street.
9: A little league baseball team in orange uniforms posing for a group picture. 
9: Two pizzas are sitting in boxes each with a slice missing.
9: The room has a bed, a pan and slippers.
9: A brown horse with white blaze trotting on the turf of a race course.
9: a man looking at a giraffe sitting down.
9: A guy stand near a train at the train station.
9: Horses grazing on a green grass covered field.
9: a silver microwave oven on a tan counter and a window
9: Electric trains are convenient means of transportation in the city or suburbs.
9: A lap top is portraying an identical screen to that of a tv.
9: The view from under a plane that is taking off.
9: A glove is tied to a stop sign on a street corner. 
9: A beige older building with a window display of clothing and a large clock above the door. 
9: A woman smiles as she holds a parasol.
9: A woman with a tennis racket on the court.
9: A toilet area features some shelving with silver accents and towels and a white toilet.
9: A cat sitting on top of a carry-on bag.
9: The backside of three elephants standing on the side of the road.
9: A POLAR BEAR SPLASHING AROUND IN THE WATER
9: A book sitting on top of a wooden desk.
9: Men are playing baseball while a crowd watches.
9: rice and vegetables on a plate about to be served.
9: A woman holds onto a teddy bear while on a plane. 
9: A tan Labrador retriever sitting on the ground  with a blue Frisbee in his mouth
9: A cyclist pedals past a flock of birds perched on a grating.
9: A cean lookign bathroom is laid out with tile
9: A SHEDDING SHEEP IN A FIELD AMONG OTHER SHEEP
9: some food is sitting next to a beer on a table
9: A piece of cake, with one slice taken out of it.
9: A competitive skier wears a black helmet and brown gloves.
9: The woman is holding a kite in the air as others walk nearby.
9: A man in black snow pants is knee high in the snow next to white and red skis that are also stuck in the snow.
9: An elephant walks through the tall grass in the sun.
9: A couple of zebra's leaned over eating grass in a field.
9: Several people watching a young women play a video game.
9: A car that is sitting in the street.
9: A person is shown using some type of video conferencing.
9: A person holds on to a post while bending over on a side walk.
9: A person draining maple syrup into a bucket.
9: A bathroom with a toilet and a bathtub. 
9: A busy city street filled with walking people
9: A woman holding a colorful umbrella with writing on it.
9: A motorcycle is parked on cobblestones near a Ford truck.
9: A motorcycle parked on the side of a road.
9: A man's feet peek out from a blanket while he naps with his dog on the beach.
9: a room with a fire place and a group of chairs 
9: A pile of broccoli sitting next to other vegetables.
9: A dog with a birthday hat on his head.
9: A table with stuffed animals next to a computer and a lamp.
9: a large tower that has a big clock at top
9: A bowl of apples next to a bunch of bananas.
9: A street light that is hanging off of a power line over a street.
9: A man playing frisbee in a grassy yard.
9: A person in a wetsuit is standing in the water with a surfboard while a person on a boat stands behind them.
9: A rusty fire hydrant in an overgrown plot of land.
9: A young girl is standing with her tennis racket while a man with his tennis racket has a shopping cart full of tennis balls.
9: the skyline of the city next to a bridge
9: A person riding on top of a yellow boat.
9: A pretty young woman riding a surfboard on a wave in the ocean.
9: A cake shaped like a sheep for a 50th birthday.
9: People flying kites that are attached to their bikes.
9: a woman plays a video game in a living room 
9: A yellow and black train is next to a platform.
9: A pair of elephants are shown in a field.
9: Yellow passenger buses sit side by side in a parking lot.
9: A crowd of people standing outside in the rain holding umbrellas
9: A hot dog siting on top of a bun in a wrapper.
9: A woman checking an oven in a kitchen with green cabinets.
9: A vase filled with yellow flowers on a table.
9: A man holding scissors wearing a shirt that reads "I run with scissors."
9: a small kid holding on to a stop sign
9: A baseball player is preparing to throw a ball.
9: Several sheep with tags on their ears are standing in a field.
9: A young adult female in hat and black v neck is looking into the camera.
9: A photo of donuts frying in oil behind glass.
9: A smiling man stands on a snowy hill with some ski poles 
9: Three plates of food on a table contain vegetables.
9: A snowboarder whizzes his way down a snowy slope.
9: A grey cat leans over the back seat of a car.
9: a man is carving some meat on a wooden table
9: A plate with a pizza covered in french fries sits next to a beer. 
9: Three women standing around a table slicing a cake.
9: Girl sitting in chair with shiny object in right hand.
9: A person holding an open book in their hand.
9: A professional baseball player hitting a ball during a game.
9: A man sits in the snow with a snowboard still on his feet.
9: A laptop computer and a printer are on a desk.
9: A small girl in a helmet sits atop a horse while a man is checking fo make sure she's safe.
9: A do not enter sign against a background of trees.
9: A man downhill skiing at a very quick pace.
9: A kid wearing black and white is on the ledge of a skateboard ramp on his skateboard.
9: An African American man wearing a bow tie is taking a selfie. 
9: A wildebeest walking in a field with a giraffe in the background.
9: a close up of a sheep in a field 
9: Small brown and white cat sitting down on a red couch. 
9: A refrigerator and a mattress sitting outside of a residence.
9: A man holding a frisbee on a patch of dirt
9: A man and woman hugging each other in the street.
9: A young man water surfing near a beach
9: Two birds sit on the back of a bench made of logs.
9: A desk with a mini computer, keyboard, a bottle and a glass of orange juice.
9: a man in a pea coat holding a banana 
9: A parking meter with a solar panel on top of it.
9: A short passenger train goes down the tracks.
9: An elephant with a red cloth over it. 
9: The baby is sitting with a teddy bear.
9: a man holds a sign advertising a deli 
9: a woman taking a picture of her microwave
9: A cat watching a small bird through a window.
9: A white toilet and a amp in a room.
9: A man wearing a backpack going downhill on skis.
9: this is a train station waiting for a passenger
9: Man standing next to truck on dirt road with trees
9: An adorable black and tan dog sniffs a pair of leather sandals.
9: One wall of a bathroom containing a sink and toilet stands uninhabited.
9: A teenaged boy on a school campus holding a soda and jumping on his skateboard. 
9: This is an image of a bench overlooking a beach.
9: Two stainless steel refrigerators that are in a store.
9: A young boy that is standing next to a globe. 
9: A hotdog with many toppings sits on a plate in a bright room.
9: The bear is sitting beside the drinks on the table.
9: Woman who has dressed her dog up in a birthday hat
9: A man is about to serve a tennis ball.
9: A toy from jammed between two parking meters.
9: A grilled sandwich with avocado sits next to a can of coke.
9: Snow boarders and a skier sit in the snow and pose
9: Young striped zebra looks out among it's herd
9: A crowd is watching a dog catching a Frisbee in a pen. 
9: Cat sitting on toilet with tiled walls and decor
9: A jig saw puzzle has a nice picture of boats and houses.
9: A person is riding a skateboard on a picnic table with a crowd watching.
9: A meat and broccoli pizza smothered in cheese
9: A street sign at the corner of S Lane St and 12th Ave.
9: multiple plates of food on a wooden table
9: A suburban street with a fire hydrant in the foreground
9: some traffic lights and men in orange vests and a street
9: Two giraffes and an ostrich at a zoo enclosure habitat.
9: Dog fetching a frisbee in a rough field.
9: A store with a man sitting outside of it that has a sign in the window .
9: A fire hydrant stuck in the concrete of the sidewalk.
9: Some supplies sitting outside of a large bag
9: Several people on the beach looking at something in the sky.
9: An adult and a child holding umbrellas in a park.
9: A herd of wooly sheep eating in a grassy pasture.
9: A television that is sitting on an entertainment stand.
9: A desktop computer sitting on a desk with speakers.
9: There is a woman on the beach flying a kite
9: a dog walks in the snow as a person and other dog look on
9: A view through a doorway into an empty bathroom. 
9: A guy about to fall off a snowboard
9: Two stop lights hang next to each other at twilight.
9: there are two boys playing soccer on the field
9: A lady is approaching a bus stop enclosure while talking on her phone.
9: LOTS OF CUPCAKES ARRANGED ON A TABLE WITH NAPKINS
9: Woman in hotel bathroom opening a bottle with mounted bottle opener.
9: People watch a women's softball game from behind a chain link fence.
9: A bundle of trash with a toilet basin, polythenes and bottles
9: there is an adult giraffe looking at something
9: A man riding a skateboard downs the side of a wooden ramp.
9: A man walking his dog on a quiet country road.
9: The woman holds a measuring cup beside a sitting cat.
9: A bent black and white photo shows a group of children
9: A group of friends sitting a a dining table with empty glasses.
9: A cat looking in a back pack that is open.
9: Room with a lamp on a wooden computer desk.
9: An abandoned toilet sits on the sidewalk next to a parking pay kiosk.
9: A brown and white horse standing in front of a pony.
9: A group of doughnuts sits on the cooling rack.
9: A person walking in deep snow and an bus driving through the snow 
9: A modern kitchen with geometric design and hardwood floors.
9: A kid that is sleeping on a sofa with a controller in its hand. 
9: The batter takes a swing and misses the ball that was thrown.
9: an image of a group of people outside for an event
9: They look like they are beginning a ski race in the snow.
9: Two zebras standing on a dirt path between grass.
9: A mono rail on one of many intersecting tracks up in the air.
9: Guy sitting, really into playing a video game
9: A woman holding a tennis racket in her hand and throwing a ball in the air.
9: A single giraffe is standing among some greenery.
9: Two people who are on snow hill wearing snowboards.
9: Black bird flying over a rocky and snowy landscape.
9: Men working around a kitchen table with their laptops 
9: British woman competing in a horse jumping event
9: A hotel room with a chandelier and glass fixtures.
9: Hands cutting a piece of paper with wood shavings on a table.
9: A panda bear investigating a strange object in its pen
9: There is a man and a woman eating at the table
9: A dog is laying in a kids bed
9: two guys eating pizza from a box in a kitchen
9: A view of an airplane engine and a mountain range.
9: A person walking  a horse and jockey down a narrow entrance corridor.
9: Old man sitting in front of a sundae made up of 6 scoops of ice cream. 
9: The side of the truck is covered with graffiti.
9: a boy reaching up so he can hit a tennis ball
9: A street sign in a neighborhood during the day.
9: Two people on motorcycles are in a race.
9: A group of three ladies taking a picture together.
9: A double Decker bus is parked at a bus stop.
9: A dinner order at a very expensive restaurant.
9: Two women shade themselves while sitting against a stone wall
9: A stop sign is shown on a street lined road.
9: A man is doing a trick on a skateboard.
9: The box contains six donuts, but only two are chocolate covered.
9: a living room with chairs and a tv
9: A street with cars moving down it past an intersection.
9: a pasta dish with broccoli and bacon bits
9: Meal with rice and drinks on table with legs
9: A piece of paper with the images of three hot dogs on it.
9: A woman being towed by a dog while riding a skateboard.
9: Two people reaching towards a giraffe and feeding it.
9: A group of parked motor bikes sitting next to white railing.
9: A Ferris wheel is visible behind the building's clock tower.
9: A white toilet sitting in a room on top of a wooden floor.
9: a person standing near a stove in a kitchen 
9: A small lightweight airplane flying through the sky.
9: A teenage boy is riding on the street with a skateboard.
9: A woman swinging a tennis racket at a ball.
9: A shelf with hygiene products in a bathroom.

9: A man photographs a cake lit with a bright sparkler.
9: two beds in a hotel room that have not been made
9: A giraffe is standing next to large rocks in a grassy area.
9: A dog investigating a car stopped on a dirt road.
9: A teddy bear in an empty building and the outside of a building
9: The Joseph William a blue boat grounded on the sand.
9: A dragon kite flying in front of the Washington Monument
9: A table with two birthday cakes with different decorations. 
9: A woman is sitting on a suitcase by a trailer.
9: Giraffe resting while standing in the dirt and grass.
9: a street sign on a city side walk
9: There are large stacks of kitchenware neatly arranged on the stainless stail counter.
9: A blue bicycle parked next to a fire hydrant.
9: Two Two white plates of food with mixed vegetables and meat. 
9: A grey and white cat laying inside a green and orange wicker basket. 
9: An American flag waves in front of a clock.
9: A classroom area with several desks and chairs and windows along the wall.
9: Sepia photograph of a store window with pillows and purses.
9: A gold sculpture in a church and a wall design behind it. 
9: A red truck carries a load of lumber.
9: The lunch features a large loaded subway sandwich.
9: A man in a red shirt, on a beach, throwing a Frisbee.
9: brown horse in green field with trees and fence
9: A donkey hooked up to a cart stands on a street. 
9: A living room with blue walls and furniture.
9: Two men, one holding a baby, enjoy some wine at a wine bar.
9: A cat wearing a tie on some cloths.
9: A clock hanging on the wall above chairs.
9: A man holding a neon frisbee in his right hand.
9: Bathroom with all white amenities and dark tiled floor.
9: a surfer and another person is standing in the water
9: A train is stopped at the station to pick up passengers
9: a white plate some asparagus a fork and other food items
9: The cellphone is left out by the coffee cup. 
9: Computer disk sitting inside a group of oranges. 
9: a bottle a glass of wine on a brown table
9: Looking past a snowboard in the snow to a city beyond
9: A plate topped with onions rings next to a hamburger and hot dog.
9: A baseball player swings at a low pitch.
9: A toothbrush is sitting inside a cup next to a sink.
9: a man that is playing a game on the wii
9: A man diving to get a frisbee during a game.
9: A bowl of fruit is in a brown bowl with black bananas.
9: An older couple sitting on a public bench in a city.
9: large elephant standing in enclosure with curled trunck
9: A man stands next to a chained Asian elephant. 
9: A red and white train traveling past a train station.
9: Four people are smiling and holding up smart phone devices.
9: A meal of fried food, beans, rice, cream and fruit.
9: Two cell phones laying beside each other on a cloth.
9: A giraffe nursing her young in a zoo enclosure.
9: A young woman in a blue tank top browses in  a shoe store.
9: A large clock on the side of a building.
9: A boat sailing on top of a body of water.
9: Two cows laying out together underneath a tree. 
9: Several horses running down the track near a fence.
9: two skiers one adult and the other a child
9: A clock hoisted up in the air by a glass covering.
9: A long metro bus traveling on the road 
9: A kitten sitting cautiously in a window pane by a bed.
9: A skateboarder grinds a rail in front of an audience.
9: The unmade bed has three pillows on it.
9: The car is stopped because the traffic light is red. 
9: Several benches sitting on the edge of a walkway.
9: A man standing near a large pizza with toppings in a kitchen.
9: Two young people are posing for the camera with their surf boards. 
9: A bear reaches up and sniffs at some berries.
9: a light blue kitchen a black stove and a silver micro wave oven
9: A person sitting on top of a horse 
9: A laptop with a can of soda or beer placed on it. 
9: A very nice wooden desk with computer equipment on it.
9: Chocolate cupcakes rising on a baking try that is white.
9: Two elephants walk around their enclosure at a zoo.
9: The skateboard rider is doing a trick upside down.
9: many people behind a glass watching doughnuts being made
9: a man sitting in a stadium seat eating a hot dog
9: Clock tower next to a large building in a city.
9: a skier approaches a red bar stuck into the snow on a snowy hill
9: A cat with a concerned look sitting on a suit case.
9: A woman riding a snowboard down the side of a ramp.
9: A tugboat pushing it's cargo in a foggy river.
9: a one man helicopter heading toward a flock of birds
9: three players on the base ball diamond, all headed for a base
9: Zebras standing in a field on the grass.
9: Ducks are sitting on a rocky edge of the water.
9: a couple of chairs out on a beach
9: a close up of a pair of scissors on a tether
9: A white horse standing next to a tree.
9: A garden with  a bench sits outside a red building.
9: Man who is outside doing a trick on his skateboard.
9: A vase and a wine glass are standing next to each other.
9: A dog enjoying playing on the beach in the sun
9: Two cheese burgers placed in a box inside a white bag.
9: A large giraffe walking on a dirty lot next to a forest.
9: A man wearing a red arctic coat snow skiing down a snow covered hill.
9: A group of people playing frisbee against each other.
9: A young man is riding a yellow bike while talking on his phone.
9: The refrigerator and door are full of food.
9: Several pieces of luggage and bags near moving trucks. 
9: A woman is holding a bunch of bananas on a street side market. 
9: a little bird standing on the shore as the waves come in 
9: A close up of an italian sausage pizza.
9: A green and white train on tracks with water in the background.
9: A large flat screen television is surrounded by many DVDs, magazines, and electronic equipment in a wood paneled room.
9: A little boy is holding a white umbrella in the air.
9: A four way stop sign in front of a building.
9: A motherly women helping a young girl learn to skateboard. 
9: A baseball player hitting a ball with a bat.
9: A moving truck parked next to a house and a snowy sidewalk.
9: Two women surfing together on a white wave.
9: A group of sandwiches displayed on a platter
9: A four tiered dessert plate full of dessert on a table outside.
9: A person wearing a hat is in the snow on skis.
9: A man on a snowboard posing for a picture. 
9: An small elephant walking along in the grass.
9: a close up of two plates of pizza on a table
9: Here is a remodeled bathroom with tiles, a bathtub, and toilet.
9: A  stuffed animal pushed into a toilet.
9: Two women look at their phones on the train.
9: A living room with a giant red rub with brown furniture on top of it.
9: Tables full of smiling people, eating and drinking.
9: A lighted dashboard of a vehicle shows the time and miles.
9: A woman straightening a man's tie with two other men in the background.
9: A small boy rides a skateboard down the walkway.
9: A man in striped shirt swinging a baseball bat.
9: A man is skiing down a steep hill.
9: a  portable cd player sitting next to a portable mini television on top of a bed.
9: A man stands beside a bus in a snowy forest at night.
9: A women sitting on a bench while using her phone.
9: An army airplane parked at the airport beside another airplane
9: two cops on bikes talking to each other on different bikes 
9: a bed room with a bed a night stand 
9: a girl that is stretched out on a tennis court
9: A sign on the sidewalk covered with red spray-paint.
9: A lonely wooden bench has a view of the city. 
9: A bathroom sink that has towel hanging on the wall beside it.
9: A hybrid electric commuter bus in a concrete city
9: Softball game in which the batter has just swung at the ball.
9: A plate that has food on it on a table.
9: these two guys look like they're on a stage using computers
9: A ewe and her kid in a field.
9: A bed in a clean bedroom is pictured.
9: Two skiers on a big snowy hill in the woods.
9: A man with hat and two ladies are posing for a snap.
9: The older woman smiles as she holds a plate with a slice of pizza. 
9: A man in a shop working on  a motorcycle
9: Baseball players in their uniforms on a baseball field.
9: a man putting a little girl onto a skateboard
9: Food on plates and a box of doughnuts. 
9: a bath room with a sink a toilet and a mirror
9: The bathroom has white modern fixtures and a brown floor.
9: A bowl of banana being mushed with a mixer handle. 
9: A baseball game is going with children playing a runner is about to hit the base.
9: a number of baseball players on a field 
9: The dog with a flee collar watches television.
9: A man stands on his skateboard and gets his picture taken.
9: a woman getting ready to hit a tennis with her racket
9: There are many people standing around while a guy catches a frisbee.
9: A television is playing a major league baseball game.
9: A white teddy bear is tucked into his bed.
9: The man is practicing his moves on his snowboard. 
9: There is a jar full of flowers and a decoupaged bird next to it.
9: A man with a vest and tie is looking in the mirror.
9: a long passenger train pulling up to a station
9: A pile of watermelons that are being displayed outside.
9: Young boy holding a kite running by water
9: a woman walking down the road while talking on her cell phone 
9: A man helps a dog ride a wave on a surf board.
9: A cabinet full of peanut butter, pickles and other condiments in above a counter with cooking equipment. 
9: A vase full of flowers on a bathroom sink counter. 
9: A woman is cutting a man's hair in a bathroom.
9: A NYPD police car in New York City.
9: A group of people are sitting at a table with a cake.
9: A chrome metal toilet inside a small bathroom stall.
9: A view of a cat getting fur all over a chair.
9: A pizza is covered with toppings to resemble an angry bird.
9: A car that has a access slope into its trunk.
9: an image of a plate of food with drinks
9: BASE BALL GAME WITH MAN AT BAT AND UMPIRE READY
9: A group of people that are standing near elephants.
9: A living room containing a red chair with a matching foot rest near a cabinet with several green vase. 
9: A child with a bat hits a ball off a tee.
9: There is a man hitting a tennis ball.
9: a bath room with a toilet and a shower
9: I do not know what this is supposed to be..
9: People are playing with a tennis ball in a gym.
9: a fancy vase holding onto a single flower 
9: A boy rides on a skateboard and smiles. 
9: a young female wearing shorts on a skateboard
9: Five giraffes with other animals near a rock wall.
9: A man is riding a surfboard at the beach 
9: three people are sitting on a bench watching a train go by
9: A man holding many sheets of construction paper.
9: A blue and orange subway sits at a station.
9: A picture of a boy with two clock arms on his face.
9: A person riding a four wheel on the beach.
9: A large group enjoying a park beneath a cloudy sky.
9: The wicker table sits in front of a window with a chair and an orchid plant.
9: two men riding on two horse near houses 
9: A long table in front of a white board with people eating.
9: An overhead shot of a a pitcher throwing a baseball.
9: A cat wearing a party hat, but not very amused.
9: A man in a truck looking behind him.
9: a woman is wearing a red shirt and shes playing tennis
9: A red stoplight at an urban intersection under a bright blue sky with puffy clouds.
9: A plate of food sits next to its dessert
9: The train is on display inside of a building. 
9: Two motorcycles side by side in a building.
9: A giraffe grazing a field with trees on a hill.
9: The man is selling several different spices on the street.
9: The young lady tennis player is holding a racket.
9: A tennis plater in a black shirt and white shorts on a tennis court holding a racquet
9: A bear sits next to a book and a chair.
9: A simple flower arrangement of orange flowers in a glass vase.
9: Three men in military uniform cutting a cake.
9: A cow that is standing in the hay.
9: a tennis player swinging a racket at a ball
9: A man shaking a woman's hand next to other people.
9: A person on skis performing a flip off a snowy track.
9: An electric passenger train pulling up to a station.
9: There are two street signs showing the names of the roads
9: A man on a surfboard riding a wave.
9: A motorcyclist stands next to his bike on the street. 
9: A man and two small children with a luggage cart filled with luggage.
9: A living room with baggage on the sofa.
9: a person laying on a bed with wheels outdoors
9: a group of people riding skis on a snowy surface
9: a truck on a street with a sky background
9: A dramatic angled black and white shot features a large clock.
9: tHERE IS A MAN SURFING IN THE OCEAN
9: People are walking down the street past a car.
9: An orange dog sitting on a couch or chair, looking at the camera.
9: This bathroom has tiled walls, floor, and a tiled bathtub. 
9: An old train left abandoned on the tracks. 
9: A young female is laying upside down on her bed in her bedroom.
9: a pole with a bunch of signs on  it 
9: a cat with its hind legs in a toilet
9: some buses parked in a bus depot in fall
9: A purple bathroom with three sinks and a purple countertop with a mirror surrounded with light bulbs.
9: Motorcycle rider and a black outfit riding on a course. 
9: A man in a black coat sitting on a bench at night.
9: A digital clock and an old clock tower near each other in a city
9: Four men ski down a snowy cliff in team clothing.
9: A computer monitor that is near a window.
9: a building with a bright blue clock  on top of it 
9: there is a baby with a pacifier in his mouth and a tie on
9: The man sits in the grass smiling while holding a beer.
9: A red stop sign sitting on the side of a road.
9: several people in the ocean flying kite sails
9: Small bathroom with a toilet, shower, and utility rack on the door. 
9: A pizza with multiple toppings sits on a wooden board.
9: A man rides a motorcycle through a crowded street
9: a table full of bread French fries salad and glasses
9: Young people eating pizza and other snacks at a party.
9: Various decorated donuts are stacked on top of each other.
9: A hotel bedroom with white linens and yellow curtains.
9: A deer and a horse are standing in the opposite direction.
9: A small bathroom that appears to be handicapped accessory. 
9: A three-tiered grill is filled with sausages, buns, and croissants.
9: a bunch of fruit sits in front of a portrait 
9: The computer mouse is in front of the laptop.
9: There are two people sitting at the table.
9: A ground of people sitting around a table holding wine glasses in their hands.
9: A table that has a wide assortment of wine bottles on it.
9: A man surfing in front of a big wave. 
9: A batter, catcher and umpire in a baseball game.
9: A man making something to eat in his kitchen.
9: A tall brown building with a very large clock tower.
9: A couple of people on a court with a tennis racket.
9: Set of vintage suitcases in living room with rug
9: An empty boat is tied up over clear water. 
9: A pickup truck tows a boat along a wooded road.
9: A plate of food is sitting on a table.
9: An older man in a blue overcoat talks on a cell phone.
9: A chocolate chip doughnut and a strawberry glazed doughnut.
9: A snowboarder in mid-air with another person watching in the background.
9: A large elephant standing up by some water.
9: A horse behind a fence eating some grass. 
9: A double decker bus is driving past some skyscrapers.
9: Cows are in a pasture along with bails of hay.
9: A plate with an orange cake dessert and a fork.
9: A bathroom stall containing an empty toilet in it.
9: A couple of women eating food while standing next to each other.
9: An airplane landing as another ascends into the sky.
9: A stuffed holiday bear decoration in a garden.
9: An empty living room with many pieces of furniture. 
9: Two young people on snow boards under the caption Docku.
9: A room with white furniture and very colorful stain glass designs along the entrance border.
9: An old fashioned fire truck driving down a street.
9: Person on water skis doing jump tricks off ramp
9: A computer with a farm on the screen on top of a desk.
9: this is a living room in a log cabin
9: A person riding the waves on their surf board.
9: A cat laying next to a remote control on the floor.
9: A military airplane model flying over the ocean.
9: A grey cat sitting inside a blue bowl
9: a plate with a grilled panini and a salad by some silverware
9: A girl at a park smiling while chasing a bird.
9: A street sign sitting on the corner of an intersection.
9: A man with a hat is sitting on a boat in the water.
9: A meal containing soda, salad pizza and rice on a table.
9: A toilet in a bathroom stall inside a building
9: A row of motorcycles parked on the side of a street.
9: People look on as a ball heads towards a batter.
9: Very wooly sheep grazing in a small fenced paddock
9: Mom and baby elephant cuddling in a pasture.
9: A wii remote is aimed at a television screen.
9: A plaid comforter with a laptop sitting on it.
9: A bathroom with a vanity with sink, mirror, toilet and tub.
9: Two little boys are sleeping on a bed.
9: The two women are going after the soccer ball.
9: A very fancy modern bedroom with a large mural over the bed.
9: a statute of a horse in the middle of a square.
9: A pontoon boat ferry full of passengers pushes off from shore. 
9: A kitchen stove with a red tea kettle sitting on it.
9: a bedroom with a lamp and a messy bed by the window 
9: a man is riding a wave on a surfboard
9: A skateboarder is riding on boards that have been placed over grass.
9: Group of youths gather together and make hand gestures
9: A pair of scissors, thread, construction paper and a cell phone.
9: A man is standing between two elephants at the zoo.
9: A table with plates of sandwiches and fruit.
9: A tennis player waiting for a serve on a grass court.
9: Cars are traveling down a busy street through a green light.
9: 2 tier cake with multicolored stars attached to it. 
9: A living room has a red sofa and chair.
9: An open air market with a variety of foods for sale.
9: A person I. A hood jacket capturing a photo using a flip phone 
9: Two kids sitting in a luggage cart together
9: A cat with a concerned look lying on a bed.
9: A closeup of a bird perched in a room.
9: A huge airplane flies over a string over some people. 
9: A table and chair in a small room.
9: Two giraffes stand in a dry grassy field
9: A clock sitting next to very nice pillars.
9: a man skiis across a field in the snow
9: A homemade cake decorated for a 2012 convention.
9: A bus driving past a stone building with a brown roof.
9: People watching a clown console a horse during a rodeo
9: A brightly painted food truck with balloons attached.
9: a tall clock tower with trees in front of it
9: a female tennis player with a hat adjusting her tennis racquet
9: Two women sitting next to each other using a cell phone.
9: A couple of children digging in sand and dumping the sand in a bucket.
9: A dog sitting on a chair looking out a window.
9: A hotdog with relish in a basket with a receipt.
9: A close up of a woman petting a cow that is tied up.
9: A GPS made by Samsung being used by a person.
9: a toddler sitting at the end of a surfboard on the beach 
9: Motorcycles parked in a row outside of metropolitan building.
9: A beer is sitting next to a computer.
9: A person trying to feed bread to a kitty cat.
9: A boy plays with the ears of a teddy bear.
9: A kitchen bathroom mirror that is over a sink.
9: Water is slowly flowing from a fire hydrant.
9: a lady that is surfing in some water
9: A room with wooden floors and large windows.
9: there is a woman sitting at a table eating 
9: A large bird flies over a group of people at a show.
9: Several plaques with sayings over crowded counter top.
9: A variety of men and women in an Asian airport
9: The computer has too many cords to be effective.
9: A man in sunglasses surf boarding in heavy snow.
9: Three people looking at a bus parked in a parking space.
9: A woman lying on a thin mattress on the floor with her knees up.
9: A cake made in the shape of a train locomotive.
9: A laptop with a small screen is chained to a desk.
9: There is a white paper filter on some food
9: Guy in mid motion serving the tennis ball back to the other side.
9: A man on a couch wearing jeans with a big hole.
9: A close up of a fruit stand with a sign propped up reading '#480 el kilo'.
9: Laptop computer next to assortment of snacks and beverages on counter with view of airport gate area.
9: A salad is in a red container and has lettuce, tomatoes and bits of carrots in it.
9: A large piece of meat that is set on top of some rice and broccoli. 
9: A bike in the road with its shadow on the ground 
9: A living room with television, couch, and two chairs.
9: Group of people standing around computer monitors. 
9: An electric double decker bus with a wheelchair in front.
9: There are buildings with red street signs in the front of them.
9: woman squatting in a tennis court with tennis racket
9: A side by side picture of a boy about to throw a pitch, and then delivering the pitch.
9: Several skateboarders performing stunts in front of a modern building.
9: a tiny laptop hooked up to a mouse and keyboard
9: A woman holds an open box of pizza. 
9: Long-haired buffalo are grazing among the open field.
9: People sitting next to surfboards on a beach
9: Arrangement of food with variety of meat and potatoes in upscale fashion.
9: there is a man with a mustache eating a hot dog
9: Man holding up a large silver calculator in his hands. 
9: a couple of elephants make their way through the trees
9: A couple of plates of food on a table.
9: Three guys playing with frisbees on a beach.
9: A small bathroom with old toilet and tub
9: A fisherman is holding a parasol in a boat.
9: A female skier traveling down a snowy slope.
9: a polar bear in the water swimming. 
9: Two brown horses with white manes in a field.
9: A man riding a skate board on top of a table.
9: A dog jumping into the air to catch frisbee.
9: A dog sitting alone in the passenger seat of a van.
9: A pizza with cheese and vegetables in a box.
9: A woman is on her laptop with a cell phone next to it.
9: Several bunches of bananas hanging in a kitchen.
9: a woman holding a bright kite on the sand next to the ocean.
9: The catcher races from behind homeplate onto the field.
9: A red stop sign with two green street signs on top of it.
9: A knitted fabric article laying on top of a magazine.
9: A man is fishing on the dock lined with boats.
9: A clean bathroom with a red shower curtain.
9: Closed toilet in corner with a "boombox" resting on it.
9: The bed has been neatly made and the pillows arranged.
9: Teenagers are gathered around a WII video game.
9: A kitchen counter covered with odds and ends.
9: a crowd of people are all gathered inside 
9: A man displaying suitcases with speakers in them on the sidewalk.
9: Miniature pizzas and skewered heart shaped pretzel bites.
9: kids playing a video game in their living room
9: a big chili dog that is on a plate
9: Young baseball batter at home plate, waiting for a pitch.
9: A television and a table in a room.
9: A train blowing smoke is coming down the tracks.
9: A white train colliding with a black car.
9: A baby zebra standing alone out in the grass 
9: Man leaping into the air while another man holds a frisbee in his hand.
9: A decorated birthday cake with a surfing theme
9: there is a large colorful train that is at the airport
9: two people riding on a motocycle on a city street 
9: A man in tuxedo posing for a photo.
9: many large kites flying in the sky 
9: A male snowboarder poses with his board at the bottom of the stairs of a resort.
9: four people in wet suits carrying surf boards 
9: A man stands next to a sign reading "lost children".
9: Cars drive through an intersection in the rain. 
9: Monkeys sitting in front of a parked car eating bananas. 
9: A man kneeling next to a motorcycle on a road.
9: A airplane flying over a body of water.
9: A train station with three trains near a building
9: A bathroom with a white toilet and walk in shower
9: a bath room with a sink a mirror and a shower
9: A close up look into a window of a vehicle.
9: there are many young men on the field playing soccer
9: The cars in the photo are blurry as they travel. 
9: A man riding a skateboard down the side of a ramp.
9: there is a black bear climbing the side of a mountain
9: Giraffe drinking from the river with a small herd of Elephants behind it.
9: a close up of a plate of food with french fries
9: A work area is equipped with a sleek desk and chair.
9: A cat sits outside a window behind which some large black cats are eating.
9: a large hot dog with side cup of coffee
9: A fruit salad piled on top of flat bread.
9: A person sitting on a motorcycle in the grass.
9: Three urinals displayed on white paneled wall in restroom.
9: A light shining on the street at night time
9: A bunch of kites flying around on the beach,
9: A car bridge going over a commuter train.
9: A group of people skiing on a slope 
9: I am unable to see the image above.
9: Man climbing the side of a mountain ledge.
9: Two different types of airplanes are parked on the runway. 
9: A dog relaxes on the green grass as he holds a yellow frisbee.
9: A couple of zebra standing by a tree in the grass.
9: A stop sign with two street signs intersecting
9: An elephant drawing a picture with it's trunk.
9: A monk traveling along a road wearing a robe and examining a trinket.
9: A school bus with a front mirror next to a light pole.
9: Three birds wade in the water looking for food.
9: A glass bowl of raw broccoli, a ceramic bowl of raw green chili peppers, and steel bowl of raw daikon.
9: A very tall clock tower towering over a city.
9: There is no image here to provide a caption for.
9: A zebra that looks very similar to a donkey standing next to a smashed up bucket.
9: A person holding a chili hot dog on a napkin.
9: A pair of people riding on a bike, down a street.
9: A floating toilet has the seat up next to a toilet paper holder in a bathroom.
9: A group of people on a bench all dressed in Christmas hats
9: A man holding on to a pole on a bus.
9: A person in the air with skiing equipment. 
9: A bunch of sheep walking across a bridge.
9: This bathroom has shiny marble floors on it.
9: three double deckered busses parked near a green truck
9: The motorcycle is parked outside of a restaurant at night.
9: Young man eating some food in front of a computer.
9: The sausage is sitting on the side of the plate.
9: Buses going through several intersections with their headlights on
9: A mulitcolored plane is flying in the sky
9: a dog watching a little boy on tv
9: A chocolate cake for a ninety second birthday.
9: A dog is laying on the living room floor with the TV on.
9: A breakfast of croissants, jam, orange juice, and coffee.
9: a man in a white boat at the lake
9: Baxter street in the city at night; a "people crossing" sign.
9: a close up of a person cutting apples
9: A lady wearing a pink shoe and blue jeans.
9: An Arab man wearing a white shirt, dark pants and a bright blue tie.
9: A man holding a multi colored umbrella next to several other multi colored umbrellas.
9: A bus window that has people on different bikes.
9: a man and woman are sitting on the back of an elephant
9: A man wearing a blue hat with a cat on top of his head.
9: A white computer desk with a black monitor, a blue lava lamp and a small black fan. 
9: a clock that is attached onto a brick building
9: A trunk is packed with backpacks and boots.
9: a street sign attached to a post with apartment buildings in the background

9: A snowboarder makes a jump above the snow, with trees in the background.
9: A Deep dish pizza being served on a raised platter.
9: A small group of people sit around a laptop and speak.
9: A man is cooking desserts in a green kitchen with a green bowl. 
9: A man on a green and white surf board surfing a wave.
9: a red train that is on a train track
9: A street sign and a plant hanging from a medal pole.
9: A bike parked in the grass by a trail.
9: A market with many baskets of apples being sold. 
9: Several giraffe somewhat distant standing on the edge of a wooded area.
9: A tabby cat sleeping on a beige couch.
9: The grey and white cat stares up near a laptop.
9: A clock tower with ornate designs above a bridge.
9: A bedroom with a picture on the wall and a lamp on the side 
9: Skis and ski boots sit next to each other on a floor. 
9: A man and his dog hike on a mountain.
9: A small market with lots of bananas and other fruits. 
9: An old man working near a stove filled with many pots.
9: The black refrigerator is near wooden kitchen cabinets.
9: A very cute cat sitting in a sink in the rest room.
9: A person in worn out blue sneakers with a skateboard.
9: The television screen ifs on the roof of the building.
9: people near carts of luggage at an air port
9: An old picture of several guys at a table and one is drinking.
9: An old and weathered fire hydrant stands in front of a large house. 
9: a plate with sandwiches and some broccoli 
9: Several airplanes were on the runway under clouds.
9: A brown and a gray elephant are in a circus ring and the brown elephant is walking behind the gray elephant as well as two people training them are standing nearby.
9: A young man skateboarding jumps on a concrete ramp.
9: A woman standing by a Target sign looking at something.
9: A bathroom counter decorated with vines and flowers
9: A man is talking on his phone next to a fallen bicycle.
9: A man that is on a surfboard in the water.
9: A messy living area with various items all over the place.
9: That looks like the compact bathroom of a hotel room.
9: This is a man skiing in the snow
9: A bus station with many buses and people 
9: Man lying down on bed with shirt open in bedroom
9: A cat in bushes observing a swan in a pond.
9: These three people are dressed up in costumes. 
9: A fire hydrant painted in the American patriotic colors
9: A boy watches a woman eat at a table.
9: An elderly lady carefully prepares a platter of deserts.
9: The front of a Dairy Queen restaurant with people entering the side.
9: A small boat is anchored at the water's edge.
9: A large sculpture placed at an overlook area in front of a glass building
9: The young children are learning to play tennis on the court. 
9: A black cat laying on a white sofa.
9: The chocolate is being poured onto the cake.
9: A man on a skateboard is flying through the air
9: a plane is on the tarmac preparing to load or unload
9: A man in a blue shirt sits on a bench with a blonde woman who has her head on his shoulder.
9: A group waiting to get on an airplane in the rain.
9: View of worker at the blender behind the cups
9: A sign depicting a cycler hanging on a brick building.
9: a man is standing with his daughter next to a blue surfboard
9: Vintage photo of horse drawn carriages and brick buildings
9: A bunch of doughnuts sitting on a grill 
9: A bright, clean, modern kitchen sports track lighting and white cabinetry. 
9: There are many suitcases stacked on the shelf.
9: A man being lifted into the air by a para sail holding a wave board.
9: A sink covered with wooden lining on a corner of a room
9: The two zebras rest in the shade, one on the ground.
9: A red refrigerator freezer inside of a kitchen.
9: Four children sitting at a set table with food on it.
9: Colorado Rockies' pitcher about to release ball from mound.
9: BUSINESS LOOKING PERSON HOLDING A CELL PHONE TO HIS EAR
9: A toilet with an odd lever on it and a water hose next to it.
9: A black and white picture of an old fashioned bell alarm clock.
9: A busy city street and a teddy bear on the road.
9: A man is skiing down a steep ski slope. 
9: a giraffe looking down at a zebra in a wooded field.
9: Giraffe approaching a small pond to drink water
9: Large yellow circle on rear of wooden train structure.
9: Many different ties of various colors are hanging in a dressing room.
9: A picture of a bed in a room.
9: Close up of a duck sign, triangular white with red border and black duck, on a pole with sidewalk, grass and building behind.
9: A large group of presents for Christmas by a foot.
9: people from the western days with a man and his horse
9: A plate with broccoli, a yellow pepper and a strawberry bitten on it. 
9: a man gliding across the water in the surf at the beach
9: a hot dog with mustard and a soda
9: Man toilet seat while playing a game on computer.
9: A woman is posing with a tennis racket for an advertisement.
9: A man holding a flying disc while kneeling.
9: A wooden carved horse is on a table.
9: A kitchen with a disorganized pantry and fan 
9: barefoot little boy holding a hairbrush in his hand
9: A light that is underneath a fan in the kitchen.
9: A woman sits in the grass talking on her cell phone.
9: Woman in regular clothes with cell phone on a beach.
9: The lady at the table is lighting the candle with a lighter. 
9: A red and yellow sign is attached to a pair of scissors is on a brown building.
9: A man sitting at a table in front of a frothy item.
9: an old computer sitting on a desk with a computer mouse
9: The grey cat is lying down in a bathroom sink.
9: People are watching a dog stand on its hind legs.
9: There are two bowls of Broccoli soup on the table.
9: A train moves down the tracks in an outdoor setting.
9: A mother elephant guiding her child across a field.
9: A man with a shirt tied around his head eats a hot dog.
9: A child riding a skateboard in a parking lot.
9: Group of snow boarders on top of a mountain.
9: Two people are playing tennis in an outside court.
9: The two markers are sitting on the holder on the table.
9: A man holds up a large camera as he brushes his teeth.
9: The young man has hit the glass and the drink has exploded everywhere. 
9: Two skiers in the distance under a cloudy sky.
9: A man flying over the water, with a jet pack.
9: these three people are standing on skis in the snow
9: Some black kitchen machines used for cooking food. 
9: Stuffed teddy bear covered with blanket in bed.
9: An orange cat with pointy ears is on a bed, with a laptop computer nearby.
9: A girl holding a sandwich wrapped in paper.
9: a horse that is standing outside of a buliding
9: A spacious living room with a large gray sectional sofa.
9: AN EDITED PICTURE WITH SEA HORSES FLYING IN THE SKY.
9: A giraffe walks through tall grass and trees, 
9: A red and grey clock tower above buildings by water.
9: some zebras standing close to each other 
9: A white plastic toilet sitting between two toilet paper rollers.
9: A horse being ridden with a man in a large hat.
9: A street with several cars and motorcycles riding down the street.
9: A man wearing a backpack walking along side of a stopped train with train planters with plants in them 
9: two girls talking and sharing dinner at a restaurant. 
9: a businessman looking cocky, and very arrogant as he fixes his tie.
9: A large horse standing inside of a wooden pen.
9: A man and a child sitting on a horse.
9: Several elephants standing together in a body of water.
9: A person sitting on a metal park bench working on their laptop.
9: A hot dog and bubble up drink on a table.
9: Three elephants walking down a dirt coated hill.
9: Birds flying over cows in a green pasture.  
9: An antique car is parked next to a very old airplane.
9: A bed with white sheets and pillows with a laptop on it.
9: A WHITE BOWLS OF FOOD WITH A GLASS OF ORANGE JUICE ON THE SIDE 
9: A couple poses for a photo under a large tree.
9: A stack of books sit on a desk next to a bottle of beer.
9: Two persons on skis ready to head down the slopes.
9: A girl is showing a goofy smile while holding a video game remote.
9: A little girl riding on top of a skateboard.
9: A makeshift tent is in a brown field.
9: A black and green train locomotive engine traveling along a railroad track.
9: black and white image of a person crossing a street holding flowers
9: Buses lined up at indoor facility in metropolitan area.
9: A small child holds a silver shiny cell phone while standing in grass.
9: The blue and white plane is flying through the air.
9: A cat resting near a portable computer in use.
9: A baseball player about to throw the ball during a game.
9: a stuffed animal on a number of boxes 
9: Three surfers sit on the beach, and tend to a board.
9: A statue of an elephant is painted many colors
9: Lilacs in a blue watering can vase sitting outdoors on a ledge.
9: a locomotive train resting on some tracks next to a building
9: A living room with a tall ceiling and a fireplace. 
9: Two men are talking around a counter at a store
9: An empty wineglass next to a bottle of wine in an empty living room.
9: a store display showing bananas and nilla wafers
9: A group of goats are standing on a rocky hill.
9: A dog that has its head out of  car window.
9: A little girl looking sad while a man leans down beside her.
9: a building with a big clock sitting on the outside
9: Two women are playing tennis in a fenced-in tennis court.
9: A shot of a toilet in an airplane bathroom.
9: A plate with a fully prepared meal, and silverware on it.
9: The man is getting ready to serve the tennis ball.
9: View of new, unused home kitchen with ample counter space and cabinets.
9: An old wooden boat in the middle of a grassy field.
9: A hot dog sitting on top of a bun in a paper container.
9: A pile of orange sitting in a blue bowl.
9: a boy riding a skateboard on the edge of a wall 
9: A locomotive that is traveling down the railroad tracks.
9: a baseball coming toward a hitter,at great speed, at a baseball game.
9: Two elephants standing in a field, and one is carrying a man.
9: A cat that is standing on a table near a book.
9: A grey bird standing on pier next to water.
9: Large elegantly set up living room in a large house.
9: Three guys are sitting in the living room playing the Wii.
9: A commercial airliner parked at the gate loading up for its next flight.
9: A person holding a bird of prey while others look on
9: A case with a little doll with blue hair, shoes, and clothes.
9: A double deck bus is driving through a city intersection with other traffic.
9: Brush in front of a wooden fence behind which is a cow.
9: White toilet sitting in a bathroom with a red wood. 
9: a banana tree sits in the sun an a nice day
9: Steam emanates from a manhole cover in the middle of a street.
9: a kitchen with a stove by a green tile wall 
9: A child is standing on a beach looking up at a kite.  
9: Two tennis players play tennis on the court.
9: Two people on skateboards riding down a slanted road.
9: large colorful clock with a brown top on a tall building near parked cars
9: An angled shot of a fully stocked kitchen with wooden cabinets.
9: Three benches sitting on a deck by the water.
9: A receiver and a defender jump for the ball as a referee looks on during a football game.
9: A stove and sink in a small room.
9: Man on tennis court poses for the camera
9: A woman takes a picture of herself in a mirror.
9: A woman looks up at her colorful sailing kite.
9: A young man falling off a skateboard on a sidewalk near a pond.
9: Two men are cooking and selling various foods  outside a store.
9: A boy snowboarding while holding his arms out
9: The clock has beautiful gold detials on the face.
9: A group of people sitting in desks next to laptops.
9: A square plate with food on it 
9: Red laptop on a table showing you can learn anywhere!
9: A kitchen area with a chair, tiled floor and a refrigerator.
9: a little boy that is flying some kind of kite
9: A man in the action of eating a hot dog.
9: A yellow car on the beach with a surfboard on top of it.
9: two people are walking past a fire hydrant spraying water
9: A man has a sheep that he is grooming
9: A remote control, a book, a cellphone and a camera lens attachment on top of a white bed sheet.
9: An instructor is teaching the little girl how to surf.
9: A woman holding a baby while using a laptop computer.
9: Assortment of different vegetables piled onto a table.
9: A cat sitting on a sill looking out a window.
9: A woman holds a stuffed animal to her face.
9: A plate that has a fork and piece of cake on it.
9: A line of horse pulled carriages on a road.
9: A large brown elephant standing on the dirt ground.
9: A black and white photo of a man sitting against the wall.
9: Close up view of plate with fries and sandwich 
9: The striped zebra is grazing on the grass.
9: Someone's hands on a computer keyboard looking at a screen.
9: A fire hydrant is seen outside a building at night.
9: A lot of people skiing down a ski slope.
9: A bowl of soup with bread and a cup of coffee.
9: A small doll has a red fan and black hair.
9: a guy on a skate board riding in the street
9: A little girl wearing a white tennis outfit swinging her racket.
9: people in an air port waiting area 
9: Two women are at a table with laptops.
9: a bed room with a neatly made bed and large see thru doors
9: A woman in a small tie takes her picture in the mirror.
9: A piece of broccoli with a plate and a large worm.
9: A gray and white cat sitting in a black suitcase which is laying on a chair. 
9: A police car parked on the side of the road.
9: Three sheep grazing in a field near a fence and barn.
9: There are two zebras on the grass eating. 
9: Six females gathered around a cell phone smiling.
9: Man leaping over a group of people reaching for a white frisbee. 
9: There are two men standing on a mountain with a dog
9: A man preparing donuts at a donut shop. 
9: The cars are lined up in a row in the lot.
9: Clock with street name sits by city street with car moving on it
9: A couple of people sitting at a table while using smart phones.
9: A confused bear laying down about to lick himself.
9: A shirtless man laying next to a woman and looking at her.
9: Three differently sized laptop computers on a counter
9: A women flies a kit at the beach.
9: some plastic toys and a red umbrella a ghost Darth Vader and a bear
9: A woman that is sitting on a bench.
9: an elephant is standing in some dry grass and trees
9: A park bench with a broken board on one end.
9: Large teddy bear in holiday coat stands outside decorated room as seen through windows.
9: A person that is playing with a tennis ball.
9: A couple of giraffes are standing in a pin
9: a girl is sitting on a bicycle outside
9: A cat looking at a white laptop on a bed. 
9: Airplane being loaded at a terminal on a cloudy day.
9: an air plane flying in the air with a sky background 
9: Two men sit in a booth with pizza in front of them.
9: a woman resting her head on the arm of a couch
9: A white toilet in a bathroom next to a trash can.;
9: Woman seated on steps with dog next to toilet and ladder.
9: A variety of street signs at a street corner.
9: A snowboarder is jumping in air with one hand raised and the other hand on the board. 
9: The dog is laying on the bed by himself. 
9: A surfer looks out over the water while holding his board.
9: A row of parked motorcycles sitting in front of a building.
9: A big bunch of green bananas is on a table.
9: A woman lifts pasta out of a pot.
9: A small dog laying in a bed in a room.
9: The men are walking and riding an elephant down the street.
9: A cat sleeps in a laundry basket on top of a stuffed animal. 
9: Two toasted pizza looking food items with greens.
9: a couple of zebras are in a field
9: A small yellow plane is flying in the air.
9: a male in a gray sweatshirt is holding a donut and a drink
9: A person on a surfboard in the water.
9: Several people riding in the woods on horseback.
9: Several people standing around with skateboards, one of whom is holding a plate.
9: A kitchen with a window and bunch of kitchen furniture in it
9: A truck is parked near an airplane with people walking around it.
9: A parking meter next to a ladder with bowling balls on each rung.
9: A room with a projector and a lot of chairs. 
9: A man helping a boy on a paddle board in the water.
9: White toilet without lid in a single bathroom stall
9: A ham and cheese bagel sandwich sliced in half on a plate.
9: A man pitching a baseball on top of a field.
9: Construction happening at the bottom of a ski ramp.
9: A person with a red umbrella walks down a boardwalk.
9: A sailboat is in clear blue water beside a mountain.
9: a red motorcycle is parked by a sidewalk
9: Vegetables on a cutting board including carrots, celery, onions, potatoes and turnips.
9: The young man is practicing his tricks on his skateboard while the other is playing with fire.
9: Met player swings at a fast ball 
9: picutre of the street signs at Pete Rose Way and Broadway
9: a couple of people are sitting in front of the water
9: A street with a wall with graffiti and plastered paper.
9: Woman addresses a group in business attire carrying umbrellas.
9: Two tables filled with desktop computers and papers.
9: A young boy is in the outfield playing baseball.
9: A cat laying in a purse with a funny saying.
9: A zebra that is walking in an enclosure.
9: A bomb squad truck turning at a crosswalk. 
9: Two motorcycles ride down a street in a city.
9: A bathroom that has a toilet with buttons.
9: A living room is shown with chairs and cabinets.
9: A cake that has dogs around and on top of it.
9: A bathroom with toilet and a curtained window
9: this is a pair of buses parked at a station
9: Four Zebras in the Savannah grazing with hills nearby.
9: A person holding a silver cell phone in their hand.
9: This fluffy dog is loaded up wit some gear.
9: A white bear rolling around in the water.
9: Two men playing a motion controlled video game together.
9: A bike is leaning against a wall with a fence near the street.
9: A young girl with glasses eating a carrot
9: Girls looking at their phone on a subway.
9: A grey and black plane on a runway with trees in the background.
9: a man is going down a hill on a snowboard
9: a couple of kids are riding a horse 
9: a man on wake board enjoys the waves 
9: A shop with stuffed animals of every kind on display.
9: A living area with a chair, table and television.
9: person preparing food a dish on wooden countertop
9: A group of chefs prepare food in a restaurant kitchen.
9: a man is sitting on an elephant while another man watches
9: There is a zebra in the middle of a grassland area. 
9: A woman with pink hair eating a banana.
9: Group of soccer players on field kicking ball.
9: a bird standing in water in a marshy area
9: A male tennis player in yellow hits the ball.
9: A woman walks across a street with a cellphone to her ear.
9: zebra and boar graze in a field together
9: Three pans filled with food sitting on a stove top.
9: The batter, catcher and umpire during a baseball game
9: A colorful tower with a wooden rectangle on top of it
9: Several people standing in the dirt playing soccer.
9: A group of people that are sitting at a table.
9: antique style photo of a bathroom showing the toilet
9: A man holds a pepsi and a hot dog in napkins at a cart.
9: A large cake with flowers and a metal net hanging over it.
9: A man in suit and girl playing on a tennis court.
9: A man sitting on a dock eating a hot dog.
9: An oxen is carrying a load near trucks on a dirt area.
9: a zebra laying in the dirt looking at his leg
9: Several people standing over two trays of donuts and cannolis. 
9: A person that is walking for a train.
9: A tall brass clock tower and high arched windows above a domed ceiling.
9: A man is on a laptop at a table
9: A dog on standing on a surfboard in the back of a truck.
9: A man with full body tattoos is on his cell phone. 
9: City scene with stop sign and street cars.
9: a zebra standing with its reflection in a pool 
9: A man standing on top of a tennis court holding a racquet.
9: Large herd of cows crossing a rural road.
9: A man in flip-flops walks in the foreground and people on motor bikes ride in the background in a city.
9: An open laptop computer sitting on a desk.
9: A house is built on the bed of an old pickup truck.
9: The bed in the room has a large quilt on it. 
9: The man is holding the child's hand beside the table.
9: An airplane is seen flying over several trees.
9: Two people using a mirror together to get groom themselves.
9: A row of urinals in an open-air rest room.
9: Pile of strings and books next to a laptop computer.
9: A dog is walking while wearing brightly colored clothing.
9: People walking through a multi level shopping mall.
9: A very cute giraffe by a metal fence.
9: A birthday cake with matching lady bug cupcakes.
9: Bathroom with a shower, sink, and toilet in it. 
9: A blue plate with slices of bread covers in various toppings
9: a man on skis jumping down part of a hill 
9: A boy is reaching into a bowl of dirt.
9: A skateboarder performing a trick in front of a crowd.
9: A man is on a ski slopes on a blustery day.
9: A dog laying down and covering its eyes on a concrete platform above water. 
9: A man is doing a trick on a skateboard.
9: Photoshopped image of two cowboys on horses having a conversation
9: Cat staring at laptop screen as owner is online.
9: Some dogs stick their heads out the car window.
9: A BLACK CAT LAYING ON A WOOD BENCH 
9: People walking in the rain in a busy city.
9: Specialty box car on display in car museum.
9: Passenger plane taking off the runway at night
9: Black and white photograph of people walking on a sidewalk.
9: Many trucks and city buses drive down the crowded street.
9: A group of women standing near a table.
9: A small refrigerator with signs on it detailing "BUTTER WORMS", "WAX WORMS", "12 GREEN CRAWLERS" and "18 CANADIAN NIGHTCRAWLERS OR 30 WORMS $3.69".
9: A silver motorcycle parked near a city road as a car passes behind it.
9: the person is on snow skis on the mountain 
9: An intersection with a stoplight on a roadway that has no vehicles traveling on it.
9: A baseball player ready to pitch a ball.
9: A train is seen coming out of a tunnel
9: The view of a motorcycle going down a road.
9: A woman looking at a broken ceiling light in a kitchen 
9: A bedroom scene with focus on the bed.
9: A woman has headphones on and is holding two cell phones.
9: The man wearing a pink shirt rides a horse.
9: A woman next to a couch with clothes and a suit case.
9: Black face sheep cluster together at a wooden gate
9: A man flyng a kite with two hands
9: a train that is on a rail road track
9: A group of giraffes stand next to trees on a path.
9: Baby in blue snuggling with a black teddy bear
9: A player in blue clothes is attempting to hit a tennis ball.
9: A fire hydrant that is painted white stands in front of a pink house.
9: Three men stand around a tennis net while holding tennis rackets, attempting to shake hands with each other.
9: A birthday cake with a Thomas the Train on it.
9: A skateboarder performing a jump off a ledge.
9: A man wearing a hat stands holding multiple Frisbees.
9: A black dog with his tongue hanging out laying in the sand next to a ball.
9: Outdoor scene of blue water surrounded by a small hut and green shrubbery.
9: a man wearing a white shirt green tie and green and white plaid shorts
9: Several motorcycles are parked together as people stand around them. 
9: A group of giraffes wonder around in a fenced off area with other animals. 
9: there are many oranges that cost twenty five cents a pound
9: A person with a hat sitting in a boat with several fruit.
9: A living room filled with furniture and a little girl.
9: A plate with a grapefruit cut in half. 
9: A MCDonald's restaurant is in the middle of a city.
9: Variety of colored chunks displayed in bins with scoop.
9: A man is riding an off-road motorcycle. 
9: Surf boards, towels chairs and bags are lying on a beach.
9: Office and kitchen chairs at a kitchen table 
9: A woman organizes a plate of cookies and other foods. 
9: Two boys play the Nintendo Wii in a house.
9: A picture of a clock outside of a business building.
9: The woman is pointing to a phone in a cover.
9: Two sandwhiches sitting on a plate with tooth picks in them
9: an over head view of a stop sign
9: A boy is on a bicycle next to a red bench.
9: a couple of people that have a big plate of food
9: A European street scene with a person and vehicles.
9: Small child getting her hair dried with a man standing behind her. 
9: Two females playing tennis on tennis court with fencing
9: a desk with a laptop and three other monitors
9: A train stops at the station while people hurry to get on.
9: A kid with a toothbrush in a room.
9: Three motorcyclists stopped at a traffic light on a street in front of a store
9: horse and buggy going down city street in traffic
9: I am unable to see an image above.
9: A man is skiing in a field with a group of dogs.
9: Broccoli and some other food in a skilet  
9: a two shelf table with a mirror and  pictures and two vases of flowers
9: A large number of sheep walking on a sidewalk
9: Several small boats are anchored at a marina.
9: A man on skis riding through a snowy trail.
9: A professional tennis player hits a ball as fans watch.
9: A train drives down a narrow track by a rocky mountain.
9: a large bed that is in a bedroom
9: A dog that is laying between two people.
9: The skyline of a city with classic architecture. 
9: An old, dirty bathroom contains a mop, bucket and a filthy toilet.
9: THERE ARE CITY BUSES GOING DOWN THE STREET 
9: a person shoe sits in front of a dog paw 
9: The teddy bears are dressed up in ethnic attire.
9: A motor scooter and a motorcycle parked with cars on a city street
9: Rusted black street sign sitting at the front of a cemetery. 
9: A man in white shirt and shorts playing a game of tennis.
9: an image of a tennis player returning a serve
9: A large, colorful kite flown over an urban area.
9: people playing Frisbee and a man in white holding a bat
9: a work station with computer monitors and a laptop
9: A woman looks over a menu in a computer cafe. 
9: A city street at night catching traffic in motion.
9: There is no image on this page to describe,
9: A baseball pitcher is throwing a ball at a batter.
9: a kitchen with a checkerboard floor and a black counter
9: A table topped with hot dogs and fries.
9: A team of baseball players standing on a baseball field.
9: A woman touching her skis going down a ski hill.
9: Black cow standing in a pasture near a ranch gate.
9: Two surfers walk across the beach towards the ocean. 
9: A number of fixtures sitting around near some shrubbery
9: A bus and a car driving down a street.
9: A plate of food with some rice, meat, broccoli, and an egg roll.
9: A person on water skis dangling in the air
9: A giraffe and two zebras walking on a hillside.
9: Several cows grazing in a fenced in area.
9: A white and gray dog chewing on a rawhide.
9: a couple of pizza in a overn with the door open
9: The guy is playing with scissors too close to his face. 
9: A closeup of fruit piled on a table 
9: A beautiful vase full of flowers and pictures next to it. 
9: There is a bird perched on the limb of a tree.
9: A dog is at a birthday party that has dog themed plates, hats, snacks and cake.
9: Black and white cat resting on the edge of a sink
9: A note that is next to a broken watch.
9: A heard of sheep, goats and lamas on a mountain side.
9: A hand is holding a mouse next to a computer keyboard.
9: THIS IS A PHOTO OF SOME SORT OF FRESH FRUIT
9: A large brick clock tower attached to a building.
9: A bathroom with an old door and it pink sink.
9: A plate of fried food with chicken and potatoes.
9: A very cute cat laying its head on a pair of shoes.
9: A picture of a church tower during the day.
9: The kitchen is has a stainless steal refrigerator. 
9: Long hair dog sleeping, head on pillow, on floor.
9: A picture of a building with a clock on it.
9: A group of people eating pizza at a dining table.
9: The bride has a knife to cut the cake.
9: Two pictures of a dog and a cat sitting. 
9: An intersection with traffic lights and a street sign.
9: Two men collect baggage from a conveyor belt.  
9: Two horseback riders are at the beach on a sunny day
9: A man surfs at the top of the wave.
9: A horse standing in a desert looking forward.
9: The image shows a half of an orange.
9: Two surfers at dusk taking their surfboards out for a ride.
9: A person with a cane and a roller bag sitting on a bench.
9: white meat cooked with broccoli on a plate
9: Two beds are neatly made inside of a bedroom
9: Two airplanes making "loop" formations in the sky during an air show. 
9: a man is dressed as a woman laying down

9: a man in glasses with a gown seated on a table
9: a man holding a kite with an american flag pattern
9: The man is riding his bike on the track.
9: Person doing crafts with a hair dryer and newspapers.
9: two zebra drinking wwater while a third one looks somewhere else
9: The president of the United States pointing behind him during a speech.
9: A view of a clock tower, with Tribune written on it. 
9: Several young people are enjoying a concert and recording via phones.
9: A windowed turret features a small clock on the top.
9: Several windsurfers are riding the waves in the ocean.
9: A person with one foot on and one foot off a skateboard.
9: Pigeons surround people sitting on a park bench.
9: A big herd of cute cows in a big grass field.
9: A room with a fir place and several baskets and a bench in the background.
9: a pack of 4 zebras standing by a fence in a field.
9: A man with an autographed laptop standing by a microphone.
9: A giraffe standing amongst tall, dry grass under a tree
9: A snow boarder in the air near a couple of pine trees.
9: Two giraffes standing outside while people watch them
9: A bathroom with a sink and a tub and a minimal, modern style design.
9: a snow skier with a red back pack some mountains and sky
9: Two people with umberellas standing on the river path.
9: A loft has two beds with plaid patterned bed spreads.
9: A jet airplane flies in a clear blue sky
9: A man stands beside a yellow phone and red car.
9: Many sheep are grazing in a field of grass next to a road.
9: An image of  stop sign with an apartment complex behind it 
9: A skateboarder is doing a trick on the edge of a ledge.
9: a plate with a bunch of food on it 
9: A giraffe is bending down across some rocks to eat some grass.
9: a white refrigerator covered with magnets and pictures
9: a close up of a bulldog riding a skate board
9: This woman is holding a big pizza box and take out bag.
9: A man standing in the ocean with a surfboard.
9: a number of buildings in the distance 
9: A young person laying down on a surfboard riding a wave.
9: A woman stands in the kitchen with an apron.
9: A plaster external wall with multiple old paper images attached.
9: A giraffe standing under a several tree branches.
9: two girls lying in bed under the covers
9: A plate with an omelet, bread, oranges, apples and tomatoes on it.
9: The surfer is in the bright blue water with his surf board. 
9: A couple of planes on  the runway of an airport.
9: A bunch of red roses are bunched together
9: A small boat is in the water in front of an elaborate looking city.
9: A odd white circular and futuristic looking bathroom
9: A snowboarder does a flip after jumping off a hill.
9: A quilt on a bed with two pillows
9: A dog is lying on the floor with a stuffed animal on top of it.
9: A black cat on a desk with a printer and two stuffed bears.
9: two zebras walking away in a natural looking habiat
9: A longboard skateboarder rides down a street while balancing.
9: A desk with a computer, stereo and lamp sitting on it.
9: A room with a desk, computer, television, and couch.
9: Two snapshots of a skate boarder doing stunts in an open area
9: A group of men and women operating a juicing machine. 
9: A man on his surf board riding the waves 
9: A small child is holding a toothbrush while lying down.
9: A cat has its front paws on a toilet seat.
9: A parking meter with traffic caught going in motion behind it.
9: A man expressing something as others listen and hold wine glasses.
9: A black bear sits on a rock and sticks out its tongue.
9: A large building on the corner of a city street.
9: Black and white photograph of people standing inside of a clock tower.
9: A man is leaning down on his snowboard to get down a hill.
9: Two dogs and two cows are amongst people in a market.
9: An elephant standing around in a pen, during the day.
9: A man is skateboarding with his friends 
9: a hand is holding a silver cellphone against a white background
9: there are two small pizzas on the plates
9: A mean wearing a tie standing near a bookshelf.
9: A newly married couple is cutting their wedding cake.
9: A motorcycle and car parked on the street.
9: a man and woman are cutting their wedding cake
9: A train going down the tracks during Autumn.
9: Image of the front of a house next to an image of a woman holding a small table. 
9: A kite flying around a park with two men near it.
9: older and well worn mattress and box spring in a small room
9: The doughnuts is kept fresh in the glass container.
9: A dog with white fur sitting next to a bowl of bananas. 
9: an electric parking sign on the side of the road
9: a comfortable living room with brown leather couches and a fireplace
9: A zebra has its neck turned and is looking to its side
9: A neat living area is colorful and has big windows.
9: Several people standing around in the snow with their skis on. 
9: A row of urinals with a well-stocked bookshelf in front. 
9: a street filled with poles and signs with power lines running parallel
9: A person on a street with a tennis racket.
9: A giraffe stands next to a pole with some rocks on the ground
9: Baker in a white apron placing raw donuts on a pan.
9: A cake donut in front of a cup of coffee.
9: A picture of a guy on a skateboard 
9: A YOUNG BLACK COW IS IN SOME SORT OF OUTDOOR INCLOSURE
9: A person by the water with a small boat.
9: Several giraffes stand together in a fenced-in enclosure.
9: The dessert has slices of banana and powdered sugar on it.
9: A baseball player finishes his swing as fans look on. 
9: The green plant has buds growing from it.
9: a man in red shirt and blue jeans with a ball cap standing work shied 
9: A man with an oxygen mask on his face, holding an umbrella.
9: A building with a clock on it and lights shining on it 
9: An elephant standing around in a fenced in area
9: a berry bush sits next to a park bench
9: Snow surrounds a standing bear statue on a sidewalk
9: Refueling truck near commercial airliner on tarmac on cloudy day.
9: Three surfers carrying their surfboards toward the ocean.
9: An up-shot of a clean toilet in the stall. 
9: A large pizza is shown on a pizza sheet.
9: A man's striped dress shirt and patterned tie.
9: A woman taking a self portrait with her black and brown dog.
9: A woman is holding a slice of red and white cake
9: A bear in the water with two balls.
9: Four people are on a bench next to a store.
9: a old train that is on a train track
9: DIMLY LIT BATHROOM WITH SINK, TOILET, AND TUB
9: A guy with a cigarette pointing at a burger
9: A desk with multiple laptops and a desktop monitor.
9: A pair of sinks sitting under a mirror.
9: A clock on the side of a building with a business name on it.
9: A image of a black and white clock on the wall 
9: A group of cars parked next to a large boat in the water. 
9: A train carrying carts coming around a curve on a track.
9: A cats tail on the key board of a laptop .
9: A bus arrives at a stop to pick up passengers.
9: A passenger train that is traveling on railroad tracks. 
9: A woman wearing a black shawl with white umbrellas in the background.
9: A man in a park is holding a frisbee.
9: A man sitting in the back of a truck with furniture. 
9: A plain kitchen with beige cabinets and brown floors.
9: A young man poses for a camera while wearing a tie but no shirt.
9: A young lady is enjoying her time with her skateboard. 
9: A collage of photos including two which portray colorful fire hydrants.
9: a light green kitchen some cabinets  a dish washer and a sink
9: A cat that is sitting on top of a speaker.
9: four zebras near each other on a field near grass
9: Three animals rest in the shade of a large tree.
9: Three cooked hot dogs in a pan. 
9: an old broken down home delivery milk truck 
9: Light shines into a bathroom with a tub and toilet.
9: A dog and a cat sitting in a shelter
9: A skiier skiing down a slope with their skiis. 
9: a big long line of bears in some snow
9: a group of people in a field with a frisbee 
9: a train being operated on a train track with trees all around
9: A child getting ready to swing at a ball.
9: An office chair in an empty hallway next to a bathroom.
9: Two elephants standing near each other in the water.
9: a person sitting on a bench near a house
9: A race horse being led to race track.
9: a table with menus placed on it at a diner
9: The cake with an angel on the icing is cut diagnolly in half.
9: Several people gathered together flying kites and watching others.
9: A man rides a skateboard while people are running a foot race.
9: Mopeds are parked near bicycles on the sidewalk.
9: A person on skies smiling for the camera.
9: A homemade version of a popular breakfast sandwich is much tastier.
9: Stuffed bear posed as if using a laptop computer.
9: a train on a track near many trees 
9: A pair of people dressed up as Mickey and Pooh with balloons for animals
9: A cow is sitting in a pen with hay in it.
9: A computer keyboard sitting next to a mouse.
9: A group of zebra in the shade of a tree.
9: A river bank where cattle are grazing and a boat is in the river. 
9: A man modeling wearing a shirt and tie.
9: Guy in a shirt and tie sits with his hand on his face
9: Blue-and-white passenger buses next to each other on a city street. 
9: A desk is shown with a computer and a chair.
9: A young man is just about to hit a tennis ball. 
9: A very tall clock tower over a busy city street.
9: A laptop computer is sitting on a desk with a mouse and coffee cup.
9: People sit on benches in a flooded plain beside a marina.
9: A vase full of ferns is on a small white table.
9: Someone has eaten a meal at this table.
9: some zebras are walking across a dirt road
9: A large light post with names on them.
9: A kitchen with a microwave over the stove and a window by the sink.
9: People in chairlifts going up a mountain, over skiers going down the mountain.
9: A red train on a track near a covered area.
9: A dog sitting on top of a skate board that is on the hard wood floor
9: a man driving a motorcycle down the road with a box tied to the back of it
9: An apple peeler is on the table next to some apples.
9: A referee and umpire behind a batter at a baseball game. 
9: An elephant in a forrest type area standing by itself
9: A person jumping up to catch a frisbee
9: This tennis player is about to return the volley.
9: A little blonde girl doll sitting in front of a white plate with a piece of pizza.
9: A train station with a lobby of people walking around.
9: A man is lying down with cows in a bed of straw.
9: There is a man working on a laptop.
9: Decorations line a city street while traffic passes nearby.
9: there is a elephant that is walking along a fence
9: A young girl kneels down to pet a black cat.
9: A large long train on a steel track.
9: a man using a hand blender in a kitchen
9: A full view of some items in a living huts made of straws. 
9: a close up of a giraffe on a dirt field
9: A woman holding a surfboard walking on a beach.
9: An older woman is standing over a dish
9: The giraffe has a lot of birds on it.
9: A laptop sitting on a desk, in an office.
9: A bus getting ready to make a stop in a city.
9: A group of people skiing take a break.
9: A bathroom sink has a running facet and bamboo plant.
9: Signs warn that parking is for residents only at certain times.
9: A woman on a bench near the river.
9: Three luggage bags sitting next to a bed, on the ground.
9: A very cute small girl by a very big pizza.
9: A man sitting in a chair with a laptop in his lap.
9: A tall bird swimming in water eating a fish.
9: A car driving up the road and in front of it is several cows in the road.
9: A half-eaten donut with sprinkles and being held by a hand.
9: Bathroom with pink walls and white toilet and sink
9: Elephants are standing around in a body of water.
9: A cat looking inside a wooden bowl for some food.
9: A dog is sitting in front of a television.
9: A group of parked motorcycles in a garage. 
9: A field of sheep with trees in background and a ground fog.
9: There is a tennis player looking up at the ball
9: A brown and white cat sitting on the roof of car.
9: A surfer rides a sizable wave on the ocean.
9: A person wearing sneakers riding a skateboard on cement.
9: a dog sniffs some food in a fridge 
9: Group of giraffes are standing by building wall next to feeding trough
9: two people playing a dancing game in a living room 
9: Man standing in grassy field with assistant nearby ready to fly kite.
9: A woman sitting in front of a laptop computer.
9: A decorated bathroom with dark granite counter tops.
9: people walking on a street with a clock on a building
9: Two small birds are resting on a tree branch.
9: a woman eating in front of a painting 
9: A clock is sitting at the top of the tower.
9: A man flying a kite near a stone wall.
9: A toy clipper ship is sailing in shallow water and pebbles.
9: Several stuffed bears and a suitcase by a table.
9: People ride on an elephant's back through a field.
9: Lady eating a meal with other plates and glasses on the table.
9: A man standing behind a horse on a  field.
9: Lady walking on sidewalk in the rain with an umbrella over her head.
9: Tennis player wipes his hands down on the bench
9: People sitting outside along a concrete wall on a sunny day.
9: A bed has a white bedspread and decorative pillows along with some personal items on it.
9: teriyaki chicken rice and broccoli and mixed vegetables
9: a close up of a parking meter on a city street
9: Two men sharing a pizza pie while at a restaurant.
9: this is an image of a dead fish with tools 
9: Small orange tiled kitchenette in wood and stone structure.
9: Three elephants in a field next to each other.
9: There is a restaurant that is called big weenies on the street
9: An old desk with many items on top of it. 
9: A very big military plane parked in the snow.
9: A very colorful clock decorated with a bird and figurines.
9: A man swinging a baseball bat as another looks on.
9: A group of people standing in the grass with a soccer ball.
9: A red streetlight with asian writing near a building.
9: a large bull is standing by some wood
9: An apple with one half cut into four pieces and the other half lying on top.
9: A woman bending over near a child over hamburger patties.
9: A person who is riding a wave on a surfboard.
9: A tall tower like structure with a clock on it.
9: People riding down the road on their bikes 
9: This is a picture of a zoo outdoor. 

9: A piece of cake is sitting on a plate.
9: A man wearing a baseball uniform standing in the outfield.
9: horse grazing in field next to old church
9: A person is near a restaurant that has benches in front.
9: Two kayaks are sitting on a river bank empty.
9: A man with an external oxygen supply holds a large pair of cutting shears.
9: A sign reading "factory trained technicians" on a glass wall.
9: The clock is showing at the outside of the park.
9: A dog tied up to a metal cage next to a back pack.
9: Two red pressure type valves with pipes nearby
9: Three loaded motorcycles are traveling down a dual lane.
9: A red bench that is sitting on a sidewalk.
9: this cat is sitting on the window ledge in the tiled kitchen.
9: A white plate filled with vegetables held by a hand.
9: a plate with some meat and vegetables on it 
9: An empty bench at a transportation station, train or airport setting.
9: A picture done by Independent Expression Photography of a girl posing in an empty road sitting on her suit cases.
9: a table that has different kinds of food
9: White commuter airplane with blue tail on an airport runway. 
9: A baby at the table with a candle in a cupcake.
9: A plate topped with a fruit covered pan cake.
9: a street light sits in front of a mountain 
9: A black brown and orange cat under an umbrella. 
9: two horses stand next to each other in front of a fence 
9: A sandwich is on a plate with a spoon and bowl of soup near a glass.
9: A wall decorated with art and colorful string.
9: Two people sitting down playing a video game
9: A train has been decorated with colorful, elaborate art work.
9: View of city street with traffic and bicyclists next to a stone lion on a pedestal in front of a building.
9: A  man cutting a banana peel in his hand.
9: A bicycle parked in front of a brick wall with a wall-mounted hydrant.
9: A white bus parked in front of  building on the side of a road.
9: A shaggy dog with its head out of a car window.
9: A toilet missing its lid is placed in a torn apart room. 
9: This kitchen has dark counter tops and a white tile back splash.
9: A dog that is sitting on a chair that is at a table. 
9: There is a commuter plane on the ground 
9: A man is plowing a field with two horses.
9: an elephant curls its trunk in a fenced enclosure
9: A man diving for a baseball as another runs towards home plate.
9: a plate an egg tomato and sausage on it 
9: Sheep and roosters standing around in the grass together. 
9: Man serves tennis ball at high speed while other watches.
9: Two dogs are in a backyard playground area equipped with a kiddie pool.
9: A person is jumping on a snowboard and is in the hair with his hands out and knees bent.
9: As pedestrians move through a crowded town a herder moves his sheep.
9: The basketball game is played by teams in white or blue uniforms.
9: Flowers in a green vase is sitting on top of a table.
9: a man is about to throw a Frisbee in a grassy field
9: Two children sitting at a table eating food.
9: A building on a street corner is in disrepair.
9: A man wearing a jean jacket sitting on a motorcycle.
9: A man in a red shirt in midair catching a flying disc.
9: A man has his chin on a blue plate near some paper and utensils. 
9: The Grand Central Railroad at the station, preparing for it's next trip
9: A Mardi Gras reveler keeping dry from a sudden shower. 
9: A person skiing down a  mountain kicking his leg up.
9: A building that has a tower like structure with a clock on it.
9: a marina with several boats next to a park
9: some people are walking across a street and a traffic light
9: A plate of cookies is next to a holiday decoration.
9: A family sitting around playing with an Atari. 
9:  a street pole on the side of a road on herbert ave
9: A man with glasses is making a face and eating.
9: a giraffe craning its long neck above a green jungle
9: A man on a bike riding past a large horned animal.
9: A man looking at a magazine on his kitchen counter.
9: A living room containing a white sofa and love seat, with several books on a book shelf and a TV on the wall. 
9: A woman throws a tennis ball into the air.
9: Some luggage appears to be locked to a rack.
9: A small enclose garden area is shown in a backyard.
9: Large hotel with bright neon lights in a city center. 
9: Two cats sitting on top of a window sill.
9: A little girl is holding on to a branch
9: A laptop with a variety of stickers on its front case.
9: A pretty mixture of colorful flowers in a vase.
9:  A life size elephant statue with a bulls eye on its side in a park.
9: Small pizza pie sitting on top of a play on the table. 
9: A large piece of pizza on an orange tray near a beverage.
9: Fat black and white cat laying down at a persons feet. 
9: A plate topped with baby carrots, a cup of dressing and yogurt.
9: a man using a tool to write a love note on the sidewalk 
9: Four zebras eating grass in a brown field
9: A cell phone sits on the counter broken in half. 
9: a close up of a person holding food with bikes in the background
9: A young boy in a shirt smiles while wearing a tie and fake mustache.
9: Two large ships are docked, while several people look at them.
9: a person standing next to a child in a booster seat
9: A Christmas window dressed with holiday teddy bear stuffed animals.
9: A man is standing on a surfboard with a stick.
9: A little girl is all happy as she sits at the table with her cup sitting on the containers of cheese. 
9: A biker is riding a motorcycle down the road. 
9: A black and white cat with his eyes close next to a brown teddy bear. 
9: A woman wearing an oven mitt taking something out of an oven.
9: An image of some sort of strawberry flaky pastery on display
9: A woman is getting ready to hit a tennis ball with her racquet. 
9: A small room with a bed and tv on the wall
9: A group of people standing outside of a small bus.
9: A kitchen has a door, refrigerator, stove, sink, microwave, and dishwasher in it.
9: The cat is setting next to the laptop.
9: Cat standing on its two back paws as it looks at a tv screen.
9: An African elephant raises its trunk from the bush
9: A bunch of cows in a barn with flags
9: A black and white photo of two birds walking in a grassy field.
9: A kitchen scene with focus on a silver microwave.
9: A red piece of luggage riding on a conveyor belt.
9: A girl sitting on a bench with one shoe off fixing a very colorful sock that comes to her knee.
9: Electronic parking fee machine with cars on the side of a road
9: There is a handle bar with a side mirror.
9: An older man sitting on a park bench.
9: An orange chopper motorcycle is on display. 
9: Plums and bananas are in a glass bowl. 
9: Surfboards drying on the beach in the afternoon sun
9: Three men sitting at a table that has three pizzas on it.
9: The vase of flowers is sitting in the window.
9: a horse that is walking around a field
9: A girl in white dress eating a cupcake on bench.
9: A man seated upon a stationary motocross motorcycle.
9: A man is covering his face with a frisbee.
9: a man that is on a skateboard doing a trick
9: A barbeque sandwich on a bun in a paper basket.
9: Scrambled egg and bacon on a biscuit at home
9: A woman cutting a birthday cake for people to eat it. 
9: A kitchen with a red wall and pictures of tomatoes above the sink. 
9: A boy flying an orange kite in the sky.
9: an image of a train that is going down the tracks
9: A train riding down train tracks in an open field.
9: several children standing next to a table filled with cakes and food
9: Wooden spoons are lined up on a table
9: A bus parked on the side of the road. 
9: A living room, with a couch, television, and coffee table in it.
9: Three wild turkeys on top of the dried pasture.
9: A neat and tidy living room during the day time
9: A zebra and a giaraffe looking for food in an open area.
9: Blue train cars sitting alone on the side of the train station. 
9: The two large trucks are painted green and yellow.
9: a small living room with wooden tables and two couches
9: A man stands beside a ski lift on a mountain.
9: This is a stop sign, and stop light that is on Jackson Street.
9: Three zebras standing together as they drink water
9: a female tennis player in a black and white top playing tennis
9: A clock on tower on top of a train station.
9: A dog balancing on top of a man with Frisbees in his hand.
9: A red and black microwave sitting on top of a refrigerator freezer.
9: A man preparing food on a large counter.
9: kids out on the field playing soccer together
9: A very nicely decorated dining room in someone's house.
9: A person getting ready to cut up a pizza on a blue table.
9: We are looking at an almost empty street.
9: There is an old stove with old pots on the burners
9: A train riding along the tracks through the woods.
9: Four people are sitting on a bench overlooking the water.
9: A vase with unopened flowers in ice 
9: A pole that has a clock on the top of it.
9: A grocery store has apples lined up in baskets.
9: A man standing near a table with apples on it
9: A person on a surfboard in the water.
9: A white horse head, part of a merry go round.
9: People dressed in business casual clothing stand around a table of hors d'oeurves.
9: A close up shows predominantly high growth of a hay-like nature, a wire and slat fence, and far off, a jumping sheep, possibly a second one, and way far off, mountains. 
9: A car stops while people cross in front of it. 
9: A person standing over another person sticking them with a hypodermic needle.
9: A urinal in a bathroom with a picture of two clowns.
9: A plate full of food on a table with a glass and a bottle.
9: Two guys playing baseball, with trees in the back.
9: A girl is skate boarding on a short skateboard.
9: A man is catching a frisbee on the beach.
9: Beautiful wood grain floors add to the ambiance in a home.
9: A giraffe sticking its tongue out over a wooden fence.
9: A surfer rides a wave in the ocean.
9: A man that is  celebrating a tennis match outdoors
9: A bride feeding the groom a piece of cake as a photographer takes a picture.
9: A bench sits under a garden of daisies.
9: Group of people standing in front of a blue-and-white passenger bus. 
9: A batter is taking a swing in a vintage photo.
9: THERE ARE TWO ANIMALS THAT ARE PLAYING TOGETHER 
9: Many kids sit at a picnic table and eat. 
9: A man driving a small park train down a track.
9: The boy is showing off his slice of pizza.
9: A cat and dog walk in the dirt together. 
9: a row of birds perched on wooden posts in a lake
9: Several boats that are tied up in a canal. 
9: A tennis player is getting ready to hit a ball.
9: A softball girl is posing with a bat on home base. 
9: a bunch of bottles are in the fridge
9: An office desk with a lot of technology including a flat screen PC monitor, a laptop computer, a tablet and an iPhone.
9: A woman smiling while showing off her cell phone.
9: A woman skiing down a ski slope. 
9: A bathroom with a stand alone tub, toilet and a towel rack.
9: A mouse and a piece of broccoli in a glass container
9: a remote sitting on part of a couch 
9: A sausage on a bun with the trimmings on the same plate.
9: many children getting ready to fly kites together 
9: A man riding a wave on top of a surfboard.
9: A computer monitor and equipment sitting on a wooden computer desk with a sliding keyboard tray.
9: Some roasted carrots are in a glass dish.
9: A series of motorbikes parked in a row on a street
9: A dog looks out a glass door overlooking a porch.
9: modern kitchen with wooden floor areas and several utilities
9: A small seabird hunts at the edge of the water.
9: A small bird is perched on top of a shoe.
9: A group of people that are in a boat.
9: A white refrigerator freezer sitting in a kitchen.
9: Many stop signs are lined up in a yard.
9: A man in a suit poses for pictures
9: A small bathroom has a phone by the toilet.
9: An elephant covered in mud in front of other elephants.
9: A foil pan is full of orange type food.
9: A white plate with a piece of cheese cake on top of it.
9: The colors flowers are in bloom beside the house windows. 
9: A bowl full of food, including broccoli and corn.
9: A skier on a ski slope with a snowboarder down the hill below him.
9: A group of children are feeding an animal.
9: some food on a white plate on a table
9: An obese women is sitting with a waterfall in the background.
9: A man standing in a river with a bear cub on the opposite shore.
9: Two giraffe are standing near a drinking hole on a savannah. 
9: A black clock with Roman numerals on a street.
9: A large oblong uncooked pizza with toppings in an oven.
9: Fish and chips being served on a white plate with the actual fish tail still attached.
9: A man stands next to a cart fulled with assorted fresh fruit and veggies
9: A plethora of beach chairs and umbrella's on a beach.
9: A brick clock tower has clock faces on two sides.
9: A box of pastries is sitting on a table.
9: A yacht with a dog on it and a small emergency boat next to it.
9: A man standing over a small chocolate cake.
9: A small child is in the kitchen with an adult and dog.
9: Group of older boys standing and eating pizza
9: A woman placing something big insider her refrigerator.
9: A worker takes a stoplight down from the pole.  
9: Two kids snowboarding while wearing colorful winter gear.
9: a group of people taking photos and recording at an outdoor press conference
9: A giraffe standing in the green brush looking at a tree.
9: A large cart with many pieces of luggage on it.
9: A man walking through a muddy river holding a child.
9: a clock sitting above a set of double doors between some pillars 
9: a baby giraffe behind a fence in an indoor enclosure.
9: Fried eggs tomatoes and bacon on a pan.
9: The woman is leaning against the building with an open suitcase
9: A smiling lady holding up a huge owl.
9: Cars are transported on a boat across a body of water.
9: A yellow bus and two blue busses on a parking lot.
9: The two apples are surround by a bunch of oranges.
9: A boat on the water with Escape to Magalawa written below.
9: a glass vase with some plants coming out of it 
9: A sliced baguette served with meat and cheese
9: A floral arrangement inside a clear cylinder shaped vase.
9: a white truck that is parked by a stop sign
9: The kitchen counter above the dish washer has many bottles on it.
9: An orange and blue bus is on the road.
9: A Man on a bench listening to headphones.
9: A sign post with an eagle on the top in a marshy park area.
9: A red and white train riding through a city on elevated tracks.
9: A simple bathroom with tile surrounds and green floor.
9: there are four giraffes that are standing together
9: A cat sitting on a toilet seat with its head immersed inside the toilet bowl.
9: A tabby cat laying down in a white sink near a toothbrush.
9: A slice of pizza on a polka dotted plate
9: A bearded man on a skateboard shows his bare stomach.
9: three people in a kitchen area with a table with bowls
9: The signs feature the name of two different presidents.
9: A group of people with umbrellas on a street.
9: A cat is laying on a small piece of rough fabric
9: A pair of people stand in the water near the shore.
9: A woman rides a bike with a small dog in the basket.
9: A bowl full of broth and pieces of broccoli with a spoon and fork.
9: A pizza that appears to be burned and has olives on it.
9: A clock is on a pole on a street.
9: Chicken, grains, cucumbers, carrots, and peppers on a plate
9: Two giraffes standing in an enclosure with green grass and rocks.
9: There is a large clock on the side of the building.
9: A boy playing a video game in front or a flat screen television that is mounted on a wall.
9: THERE IS A MAN ON THE SURF BOARD WAVES
9: A group of Navy cooks standing around a giant cake.
9: A red bus with advertisements on the side traveling down a road.
9: A woman in red holding a drink in her hand
9: a person is cutting in to a cake
9: There is a stop sign below the street signs.
9: A short legged horse walks through a grassy field.
9: A person at a table with some food.
9: Back of black pickup truck open with german shepherd sitting inside.
9: A KITCHEN WITH A SINK AND APPLIANCES 
9: A wooden table holding two vases of flowers.
9: two puppies play outside in the grass under a table
9: a building with statues and a clock on the top on it 
9: a cat wearing a hat on its head 
9: There is a tv inside of the wall in this living room
9: A train with two cars going down the tracks
9: A green bus parked next to a red bus on a city street.
9: A very clean and empty kitchen and counter area
9: A plate of sandwiches covered with plastic wrap.
9: A man without shirt on is throwing a frisbee.
9: A large building in the background of traffic at a stop light.
9: a white building  in front of a street sign name JORDAN.
9: A bathroom with a white wall and toilet.
9: A man is overlooking the water on a bench.
9: A photo of a bench in the middle of the beach.
9: Some cakes are on a white plate with spoons.
9: A surfer riding through a barrel on a wave. 
9: Some type of pasta salad with noodles, corn, and broccoli.
9: A close up of a piece of pizza and a glass.
9: A man with no shoes on catching a Frisbee.
9: A kitchen with black counter tops and white cupboards and draws. 
9: Two urinals and a sink in a bathroom.  
9: two zebras in a field near one another 
9: A concrete bench sits near the ocean on a sunny day.
9: A horse in harness is standing in front of a building.
9: A couple of small airplanes high up in the sky.
9: A red and black BNSF train travels along it's tracks.
9: A bedroom with a bed, awning and Mickey Mouse decorations.
9: A tennis player in white hits a ball.
9: Many children work on green and white laptop computers.
9: People playing a tennis match at an outdoor court.
9: Some flowers that have been placed in a beer bottle.
9: A large gathering of small children in a building.
9: A man holding a small black and white cat in his hands and placing his face next to it.
9: The bed in the room has been made already. 
9: A plate of food with lots of vegetables.
9: The young boy is eating his doughnut. 
9: A woman holding a slice of pizza close to her mouth.
9: The room is furnished with several chairs and floral covered couches.  
9: Shoes, a cap, an iPod, a name tag and other items
9: A narrow industrial kitchen with pots stacked on the counter
9: A picture of pizzas and salads next to veggies.
9: Several people are doing something with remote controls.
9: a table with plates of food and a glass of juice
9: A car and a truck on a city street.
9: A man in black jersey pitching in baseball game.
9: A clock hangs on a wall of a neglected building.
9: an image of a clean full bathroom 
9: Several people standing in a skate park with people watching them.
9: two black and white zebras and some green grass and trees
9: The sun shines on the side of many tall buildings.
9: The chef in the black and white photo is smiling in the kitchen.
9: A person riding a motorcycle down the street with groups of people behind a fenced area.
9: A passenger train sits at a station in the dark.
9: A dog with long hair sitting with a Wii controller
9: A cat lies on a rug holding a stuffed carrot. 
9: A tennis player preparing to hit his service toss.
9: A man is riding a motorbike in a thick forest. 
9: a banana some papers and a pencil on a wooden table
9: A brown cat with wearing a green tie.
9: A man covered in a net sits next to an umbrella.
9: Cat drinking from metal bowl on top of wood fence.
9: A bin full of different sized navel oranges.
9: A toddler with a toothbrush sitting on top of the lid of a toilet.
9: A dog sits at a marina full of boats.
9: The cheese burger on the plate has a side of salad.
9: a player in the outfield throwing the baseball to someone else 
9: A motorcycle stands in an exhibits beneath some roofing.
9: People playing baseball on a baseball field; a man batting.
9: Fire hydrant decorated as a smiling costumed figure. 
9: A hard suitcase with reinforced edges on the floor
9: A man surfing a wave on his surf board.
9: A plate of steak and steamed vegetables with spices and garnish.
9: The military men are playing Frisbee outside together.
9: A man wearing a gray vest and a red stripe tie.
9: A blender on a table with instructions and supplies surrounding it.
9: A hotdog topped with ketchup with fries and a side of fresh fruit.
9: a little girl eating a slice of pizza in a restaurant.
9: A fireplace in a living room with brown blinds. 
9: A pretty young lady riding a bike across a street.
9: Black and white image of three different elephants. 
9: Pots of flowers are sitting on a sill next to a window.
9: An elephant is crossing a dirt walking path.
9: A fruit stand that is filled with various fruits.
9: A street sign with a one way and do not enter sign under a traffic light.
9: A bowl of sliced fruit including bananas, oranges and grapefruit.
9: A large tall giraffe standing by a tree.
9: people stand outside of a shop where there are tables and chairs
9: five males and one female sitting on a stone fence
9: A man and two dogs gathering a herd of sheep.
9: A couple of people that are eating some food on a table.
9: A large, hand-tossed pizza with a variety of toppings.
9: A bike is locked and hanging from a door.
9: People standing inside of a temporary canvas building.
9: this kitchen has granite counter tops and many appliances
9: A tray with various food items on it, sitting in front of some kind of monitor.
9: Man watching a light aircraft coming in to land
9: A woman sits by herself on a park bench.
9: Roles backing in an oven with photographers reflection in the glass.
9: Three cats hanging out on a teal comforter.
9: Fours bowls with varying types of food on a table
9: A group of people standing inside of a living room.
9: baby calves stand around beside adult cows that are grazing on a field
9: A young skateboarder isn't much bigger than his board.
9: Many motorcycles riding in front of a KFC.
9: A box holding a pizza with pepperoni toppings.
9: a woman cutting a cake in front of some people 
9: A man walking past a suitcase and street lamp
9: Sheep graze in a field beneath a blue sky.
9: a metal thing is sitting on top of a urinal
9: A women who is holding a gun sitting on a teddy bear.
9: a few pairs of scizzos ina lab coat
9: a cup filled with scissors on a wooden table.
9: The young children are playing on cell phones. 
9: a tennis player standing and looking across the court 
9: There is a group of people playing a video game.
9: A refrigerator opened with several food items in it.
9: an open refrigerator with bottles jars and other food items
9: An undecorated bath room with shower, toilet and sink
9: A portrait picture of a young man in a suit and tie.
9: Teddy bears are in front of a striped flag awning.
9: A group of people standing around a laptop and television.
9: Two women pose with donuts next to a large cutout of a cartoon character.
9: The black cat is sitting on the back of a motorcycle.
9: Black and white bird sitting in an evergreen tree
9: People in the park are flying interesting kites
9: A toilet in a very basic bathroom with an open shower next to it.
9: Three animals look out a window intently observing the outside. 
9: A bus pulls into a main stop at night.  
9: a backpack sitting on the floor with a suitcase.
9: A deli display case with sandwiches and strawberries.
9: There are plenty of cars parked on the side of the street. 
9: A man holding a tennis racket in his hand.
9: There are many different types of furniture in the room.
9: THE DUMP TRUCK AND THE CRANE ARE WORKING 
9: An electronic device is being held as it displays a message and an image.
9: Three images show different views of a motorcycle.
9: A skateboard and it's wheels being parked in one area.
9: A fire hydrant in the snow beside two trash cans.
9: A woman playing tennis with her racket ready behind her.
9: A Christmas decorated area with many teddy bears. 
9: an ice dispenser next to a dishwasher in a kitchen
9: a man surfing in the water on a wave
9: A black motorcycle is perched up on a grassy hillside. 
9: A man with a cup of coffee and a cell phone.
9: A green vase with red roses sitting on a table.
9: A man who is riding on a skateboard.
9: some baseball players are playing baseball on a field
9: A pizza with pepperonis, sausage and other toppings on a plate.
9: A woman walking on a cross walk with cars driving on it.
9: A bed has white sheets and is near a window.
9: A group of people stand in a field as kites fly overhead. 
9: A cat sleeping with three TV remotes on it.
9: A bathroom with a toilet and standup shower.
9: A young man doing tricks on his skate board.
9: A bench is shown on the pavement next to the grass.
9: a man is surfing through a giant wave
9: A bicycle stands in the middle of an empty parking lot.
9: A person hitting a tennis ball with a racket.
9: A picture of a white mouse and a remote control.
9: a group of people play a game of frisbee in a park
9: a large airplane that is on a runway
9: A white opaque strainer holding broccoli on a scale.
9: A man paddling a boat with passengers on a lake.
9: A small airplane flying next to a jet.
9: a woman is sitting outside with a laptop
9: A dog standing at the edge of the water.
9: A little girl in a purple coat watches the polar bears
9: A hotel room bed is freshly made up. 
9: A kitchen that has a black stove and black microwave in it.
9: A green bird is sitting on a branch.
9: Two birds standing on an floating on a body of water.
9: A airplane that is sitting at a terminal.
9: A man riding a horse-driven chariot and a woman touching the horse.
9: A chef is by a large table of vegetables in a kitchen.
9: Two airplanes that have white smoke coming out of them.
9: A group of people standing around a field with a soccer ball.
9: A woman with red hair and a black dress sprawls on cloth.
9: This is an image of two people walking in the snow.
9: Two surfers sitting on a board on the beach.
9: A cat standing next to a laptop computer on top of a table.
9: A large stainless steel kitchen with beams overhead 
9: A close up image of a slider phone on a Facebook app. 
9: A statue of a bull in front of a person on a bed.
9: Bunch of people gathered around with bulls and cows
9: Two giraffes looking over a large metal fence.
9: A large airliner preparing for departure at an airport.
9: A collection of flowers in a vase on a table
9: a train going by a flag on an elevated track
9: A blue and white double decker bus on side of street.
9: A brick building with a steeple and a clock on top.
9: a desk with a laptop and a desktop computer 
9: Bathroom sink with soap dispenser, two towels messily draped on the rod a tub and a scale.
9: It is best to leave the surfboard under your own power.
9: Large bicycling sign on the side of a corner crossing.
9: A stack of four pancakes on a skillet.
9: Four trays of Itallian food are in large pans.
9: A SMALL BLUE CAR PARKED IN FRONT OF A BRICK BUILDING 
9: A car drives down a street at night under the lights.
9: A picnic table with a big plate of grilled chops and sausage.
9: A large orange rug in a room with many chairs and a rocking chair.
9: A body of water with hoses of either side.
9: A man is charging through a field of grass.
9: an image of a person playing on a skateboard
9: A woman with an umbrella looking at shopping stands.
9: An empty street is lined with a sidewalk and buildings.
9: some people holding onto boogie boards as they stand and look at the water
9: A tennis player on the court at night.
9: A man standing at the beach shoreline and watching the sunset. 
9: ORIENTAL LADIES DRESSED UP EACH CARRYING AN UMBRELLA
9: A man in brown shirt holding a yellow condiment bottle at a hotdog stand.
9: a big red stop sign that has the war printed on it
9: someone looking down at their shoes and looking down at his dog
9: Two men sit on a patio texting at the table.
9: The food is ready to be eaten on the table. 
9: A giraffe's profile against a blue sky beside a large hill.
9: The zebras are in the fence with other animals.
9: A cat propped up with pillows sitting on a bed.
9: A white boat on water next to trees and concrete barricade.
9: A person holding a doughnut with a bottle.
9: A stop sign that is at the top of a pole.
9: A bedroom with a wooden bed topped with a blue mattress.
9: an overhead photo of a kitchen with cupboards a garbage can 
9: A group of people in the grass that are throwing a frisbee.
9: Disorganized plate containing light meal with no visible meat.
9: Few men standing by a boat that is sitting on the sand. 
9: A hotel room with a large bed and some luggage.
9: a man surfboard across a big wide ocean beach
9: The back of a bus with a hotel in the background.
9: A very cute cat sitting in a window.
9: A hand is holding a remote control with a wristband.
9: A pair of couches near a chair, lamp and a telescope.
9: A view of a toy girl sitting at a table with animals.
9: A man and a woman formally dressed posing for a picture.
9: A kitchen has a basket full of clean dishes next to used ones.
9: Two cute children are sitting on the sidewalk eating.
9: A child is pulling a suitcase at an airport.
9: A man holding a tennis racket in his hand while on the tennis court
9: The woman is baking cookies and putting them in the oven. 
9: A black and white view of a herd of cows grazing in the field. 
9: A view of a child with headphones on interacting with a computer. 
9: A train has has matching paint with a nearby building.
9: A locomotive with a British flag is shown here.
9: The action at an amateur baseball game played on grass.
9: A woman holding a frosted donut with sprinkles.
9: A young lady is taking snap shots of the traffic light. 
9: Black and White umbrellas are being held by people sitting.
9: An old yellow plane is flying in the sky.
9: A wooden cabinet with glass doors is beside a table.
9: A male tennis player in action before a crowd.
9: A man holding a controller sitting on a chair.
9: Flower pot with beautiful artificial flowers in a row. 
9: A person dressed in black, holding an umbrella, standing on dock.
9: A seagull at the beach with food in its mouth
9: a bunch of cars that are on a street
9: A baby elephant following its parent through a field.
9: Two guys siting at desks working on laptops.
9: A piece of cake and for that are on a plate.
9: A male playing a video game with projector in the background.
9: a dog looking out the window of a car
9: A person getting off a bike and a train coming on the tracks.
9: A very cute black and white cat by a window.
9: A kitchen has a stove, a microwave, and a toaster oven.
9: The front of a commuter train with an countryside in the background
9: A room with a bed, two lamps, chairs, television and bath tub.
9: a grey and white cat is sitting on some shoes
9: A refrigerator sits in the corner of the kitchen.
9: a person standing on a chair using a computer
9: A black dog drinking from a white toilet.
9: Some people in the water and one standing on a surfboard.
9: A hot dog in a bun covered in condiments.
9: A painted white truck with a flower on it in the street.
9: Motorcycles are lined up on the street next to each other.
9: The giraffe is standing directly under a tree.
9: Two men moving a refrigerator across a street. 
9: Park bench next to pathway with young children walking nearby.
9: A sign hanging off the side of a building.
9: A man surfing waves on his surf board
9: A picnic table sitting outside covered in snow.
9: two men standing in a living room while they play a video game 
9: Two dogs sitting on a bed looking back.
9: A team photo with a trophy after a game.
9: A skateboarder carrying shopping bags glides down a neglected urban sidewalk.
9: A cubicle in an office with workspace, computers, chair and file cabinet.
9: A woman in an office holding up a doughnut.
9: a parking meter repair man working on a parking meter.
9: A walk in shower sitting next to a bath tub.
9: Four people are going up a mountain with walking sticks.
9: The saloon hair care station has many brushes and combs.
9: a brown cow is standing under a green tree
9: A newly finished kitchen with a green wall color.
9: A picture of a intersection at a red light. 
9: a few cows that are walking in some grass
9: A desk with several monitors under it and two computers and a laptop on top of the desk. 
9: A modified Chevrolet S-10 pickup at a car show with people passing by and looking.
9: a group of people riding skis on a snowy surface
9: two people standing at a gate with a group of cars
9: A restroom toilet and lid covered in silver glitter.
9: A brown horse pulling a carriage with people on it
9: A line up of motorcycles sitting on their kickstands
9: LEFTOVERS ON PLATES OF FOOD AND DRINK ON TABLE
9: A group of men sitting on a bench together.
9: A guy with a white helmet and a white shirt and jeans skate boarding
9: a gray and white cat smelling a small dead bird
9: A couple of zebras are grazing in a field
9: A bow filled with fruit and carrots sitting on top of a table.
9: Three giraffes stretching necks to get at leaves on tall branch.
9: A bunch of people are sitting together eating pizza and talking.
9: A person with an umbrella walks by a double decker bus.
9: A yellow pastry with leafy garnish atop a wooden table.
9: Two bowls of shrimp and broccoli sitting on a mat.
9: A sign warning the crossing of birds on a road. 
9: a close up of a pink fire hydrant on a city street
9: A man is waiting to load luggage onto a plane.
9: There is a man jumping on a snowboard.
9: The man and the little child ski down the slope.
9: Grazing animasl in sparsly vegetated natural settin near water.
9: A group of commuters on a busy subway car or a bus.
9: A man in a gladiator costume talking on a cell phone and another man without a costume.
9: A grave sight with teddy bears on a statue
9: Two big soup bowls with a large spoon hanging .
9: A man and woman cooking together in the kitchen.
9: Two men at a table with ties sitting near a laptop.
9: People gathered around a table eating lots of food.
9: A black and gold clock on a pole in front of a building.
9: A plate with a sandwich and salad with tomatoes and spinach leaves.
9: A mother giraffe and its baby pressing their foreheads together.
9: Buildings on both sides next to a street.
9: A man on a motorcycle behind a red car, at a stop light.
9: A cat with its front paws on the mouse of a laptop.
9: Five woolly sheep grazing in a snow-covered, fenced-in a valley pasture. 
9: A commercial passenger plane flying in the air.
9: Bacon and eggs are sitting on a white plate.
9: A meat and vegetable stew in a red bowl.
9:  a beautiful ,peaceful lake with a couple rowing a boat
9: Woman and man preparing to be married with a pastor.
9: A bedroom with a balcony in a hotel
9: two people with umbrellas walking down a path surrounded by trees
9: Three jockeys and three horses competing in a race against each other
9: A demasted and beached sailboat with a lawnchair next to it
9: Two ducks swim together in a pond at sunrise.
9: Vehicles and people block the road near the mountains.
9: A bathroom has a fairy picture above the toilet
9: there is a woman sitting outside writing and drinking coffee
9: Two horses can been seen pulling a carriage from the passenger seat.
9: A baby elephant standing next to a parent elephant.
9: there are only a few people that are at this beach
9: Lots of people walking on a city street with Chinese stores on both sides of the street.
9: A baseball player taking a swing at the ball . 
9: four different pizzas in a glass case and a few other food items
9: A tennis player crouches slightly waiting for the serve.
9: a cat laying on a keyboard on a desk
9: Colorful toys in front of a cell phone rested on its side.
9: a boy holding a lego wii mote to a real wii mote
9: New York street sign showing Broadway and West 122nd Street
9: A woman that is looking inside of a refrigerator.
9: A skateboarder doing a trick in a parking lot while other skateboarders look on.
9: An orange and white cat lays on tan carpet with his nose on a black cell phone.
9: A white home computer mouse and keyboard together.
9: A brown bear scavenging on the ground of a cleared area.



9: a woman in a field with a Frisbee and person behind her
9: A broccoli sprout with a toy phone up to its non-existent ear
9: a couple of people that are standing next to a bus
9: People on the streets next to several buildings. 
9: A truck is being loaded using a backhoe.
9: A drawing of a child holding an umbrella.
9: A train with four cars crossing over a bridge.
9: THERE IS A BATHROOM WITH A SINK AND A MIRROR
9: Black and white photograph of clock tower with windows.
9: One child holding a hair brush in a bathroom while another child blow dries the first child's hair.
9: a couple of zebras that are standing behind some cows
9: Two people on a motorcycle driving behind someone else on a motorcycle.
9: A kite on on the ground on a grassy field
9: An old man looks at a cell phone screen.
9: an ox standing in a busy town area with people going about their normal business
9: A black dog standing on top of a tile floor.
9: A man is in position to play tennis on a court.
9: A bathroom with white toilet and shower stall
9: A red stop sign on the corner of a city street.
9: A pile of various types of scissors on the table. 
9: Two men sitting next to each other in front of a brick wall.
9: a sink with some appliances inside of it 
9: A kitchen scene with yellow walls and a checkered floor pattern.
9: The top a mountain overlooking water with several benches and a cloudy sky.
9: A sandwich between someones legs and a drink. 
9: A man that is standing with a baseball bat.
9: Three people are pictured outside of a smaller airplane.
9: Many people lie on the beach underneath colorful umbrellas.
9: a person playing a game on their smartphone
9: he'll be coming down the mountain on his skis 
9: A girl crying while looking at herself in a mirror.
9: A black cat sitting on a box above a refrigerator.
9: A tree is next to a stop sign.
9: The cell phone is broken at the feet of someone in flip flops.
9: Several people wrapping items with seasonal wrapping paper.
9: A sheet of paper illustrated with pictures of pianos and sheet music.
9: A fire hydrant that is in the grass.
9: A group of people walking down the street with umbrellas
9: A person that is looking at something on a cell phone.
9: A bowl of blueberries surrounded by a platter of sliced oranges.
9: A child asleep in a bed with a railing.
9: The train attendant, a switchman, is changing the signal
9: A bathroom sink in pictured in a rustic bathroom.
9: Three pictures next to each other depicting smartphones. 
9: Breakfast foods on a plastic tray at an outdoor cafe
9: An old picture of a woman, two kids, a dog, a horse, and a cow.
9: A couple of brown and black horses eating grass.
9: A person riding a bike while talking on a cell phone.
9: A few computers and wires are on a desk.
9: A brown cow standing on top of a smaller brown cow next to a building.
9: Two zebras are attempting to graze in a dirt and gravel area.
9: A man checking his bicycle petal wearing flip flops.
9: People sitting on small train cars going through the countryside.
9: Microwave and other appliance sitting outdoors on pavement against a fence.
9: a street view of street lights that show green with cars in the street
9: A motorcycle is parked next to a stop sign in front of a house.
9: A group of players stand on the field.
9: A man that is standing in the dirt with a bat.
9: A tray with meat and dipping sauce on it
9: a man is holding a pink umbrella out a window
9: a fruit stand on the side of a sidewalk.
9: Two police officers on motorcycles stopped at an intersection. 
9: A group of people ski down the mountain slope.
9: A train traveling down tracks next to a loading area.
9: a close up of a cheese and sausage pizza
9: A living area with mirrors, two beds and curtains.
9: two men using their computers at a table 
9: An old boat sitting on dry land 
9: A bowl full of marshmallows, chocolate, and other delicious treats.
9: A man on skis walking down a runway. 
9: A cute cat picture that is dressed up in Christmas outfits.
9: A field on a hill with goats grazing.
9: A kitten is sitting in a bowl on a table.
9: A child swings a bat during a baseball game.
9: A skater flips his skateboard in an alley at night.
9: Some animals walking down the desert dry road. 
9: A pizza sits on top of a wooden paddle.
9: An intersection with traffic lights and cars beyond it.
9: Two people flying a kite on a field with clouds in the sky.
9: A male tennis player gets ready to serve.
9: A close-up of a pile of glazed doughnuts.
9: This toilet sits in a bathroom with wooden walls
9: A lone dog running through the yard to catch a frisbee.
9: A man on a snowboard does an air trick.
9: a street with buildings on one side and trees on the other side 
9: A bed next to a closed window near a laptop computer and a sink.
9: a large airplane coming in for a landing
9: A tennis player about to swing at a tennis ball
9: THERE ARE PEOPLE STADING ON THE STREET WITH SKATE BOARD
9: A laptop computer sitting on a table with a glass of beer.
9: A man falls down as another catches the Frisbee.
9: Three giraffes stand in the grass by a dirt pile.
9: A young boy on a tennis court prepares to hit a tennis ball with his racquet.
9: A group of horses are being led by two men.
9: Two kids are in their individual bunk beds. 
9: A tray that has three plates of various foods on it.
9: A toddler girl holds a bear in a garden.
9: a man plays Wii Sports boxing in a very messy living room
9: two people holding surf boards on a beach
9: a black and white photo of some people signs and buildings
9: A person flying a kite in a field.
9: an elephant walking on a path near grass and trees 
9: A large cargo jet flying through the sky.
9: A table with sound mixing equipment in an auditorium.
9: There are cows walking by a person on the sand.
9: Man in a hotel room about to bite into a large pastry.
9: a man is doing a trick on a skateboard
9: Sun shining through the blinds into a white bathroom.
9: A number of travelers surrounding a colorful passenger bus.
9: A man jumping into the air in a living room.
9: A red stop sign near two large buildings.
9: Some toys for riding at a kids park
9: A woman playing a WII game with intensity
9: A man with skis slides down a ramp with snow and ice.
9: Four small children playing on their parent's bed.
9: Two individuals playing a game on the television monitor with Wii remote controls.
9: an aerial photo of the jets wing and snowy mountains
9: A man who is pretending to bite a puppy.
9: Two cake pans with cake on top of a stove.  
9: Some animals that are sitting on the bed.
9: A group of zebras are standing together in the grass.
9: People wait for their luggage at an airport.
9: a van that is parked next to a concrete wall
9: a man wearing ski equipment on a snowy slope 
9: Three giraffes, one seated on some dirt, the other two standing.
9: The catcher leaps to tag the base runner at home plate while one of his team mates and the umpire look on.
9: A sandwich is topped with bacon and sided with slaw and beans.
9: Two men eating vegetables in front of a window.
9: People sitting on the table eating food and drinking.  
9: A cat sitting next to a bowl filled with water and roses.
9: The street trolley car is painted bright yellow.
9: Multiple aircraft suspended from the ceiling of a museum. 
9: A giraffe standing near a rock in a fenced off area.
9: A man standing next to a beautiful woman in a short blue skirt facing the crowd.
9: a red train engine going down a track next to some trees 
9: People are in a small boat on the ocean.
9: A covered food market has fruit and vegetables on display.
9: People flying multicolored kites on a beach by the ocean.
9: The kitchen and dining room of a house.
9: A fork is laying on an empty plate with crumbs.
9: A picture of a bunches of green bananas.
9: A fur sheep or ram standing on a hillside grazing
9: two women in white tops and orange dresses on a tennis court
9: a black and white picture of a boy skateboarding 
9: two guys holding game controllers playing video games
9:  Woman preparing a hamburger and other food
9: A dog surrounded by dogs and a female catches a toy in its mouth.
9: A woman holding a leopard print umbrella next to a lake.
9: The man eats his food at the table.
9: A man lunging to hit a tennis ball on a court
9: A baby in a diaper with a birthday cake in front of him, with frosting on his hands.
9: An image of a man is shown through multiple mirrors
9: A large table with pizzas and vegetables are ready to be eaten. 
9: A round red sign that shows a silhouette of a person carrying a large white rectangular object.
9: an image of a clean bedroom taken during the day
9: People at a wine tasting are crowded into a small room. 
9: A black and white bathroom sink with mirror and bathtub.
9: A boy sitting on a white horse on a merry go round.
9: A piece of toast topped with tomatoes with orange juice.
9: Group of people helping a small child ski on a snow trail. 
9: A green train on the tracks with people near.
9: a man that is skiing down a snowy hill
9: The table has plates of fruit and cakes. 
9: A couple dressed up and posing on their wedding day.
9: Plate containing bread covered in some type of spread and cooked broccoli
9: Three people sitting down with a dog laying at their feet.
9: Three rocks sitting on top of a white counter.
9: A kitchen counter cultured with dishes and utensils. 
9: a polar bear standing in a rocky habitat
9: A television is surrounded by furniture in a room.
9: A man that is standing on a surfboard.
9: there is a large bus that is coming up the street
9: A group of people watching two men on a stage.
9: Black and white photograph of person with luggage on a street.
9: a man is holding his skis up while on a bench
9: Man preparing dinner in the kitchen with under cabinet lights on.
9: A vase has red and orange flowers in it.
9: Two red birds standing on a balcony ledge.
9: The horse rider is galloping while wearing an orange shirt.
9: A man wearing a helmet is performing stunts while rollerblading.
9: A room with furniture and a checker pattern floor.
9: An electric stove with the top surface removed
9: A man is paddle boarding in the ocean.
9: A coin meter outside at a parking lot.
9: A computer desk with clutter of surrounding the monitor.
9: The white and blue bird is standing on a wooden post.
9: A family of elephants on the plaints under a tree.
9: A group of people standing on a beach next to surfboards.
9: A jockey and his horse waiting on the side line.
9: An adult elephant helping along a baby one in a field.
9: A living room designed in orange and green 
9: Kids playing soccer while one falls down with others sitting under umbrellas.
9: A line of people waiting to board a jumbo jet.
9: A couple of people sitting next to piles of fruit.
9: Two motorcycles parked on the side of the road next to a grassy area.
9: a player is swinging a baseball bat at a game
9: a young child, lady , and man sitting in a booth at a table
9: A herd of cattle grazing on some grass.
9: some people on a beach stare out into the ocean
9: the glass is filled with a beverage on a table top
9: A computer desk holding a computer monitor, a keyboard and a cup of coffee.
9: there are many people that are crossing this street
9: a tail of a large airplane in the sky
9: A group of people walk past a row of shops.
9: Spectators watching women playing tennis in the sun
9: The person is being pulled on a skateboard by a dog.
9: A yellow medium size truck has graffiti on the side.
9: Several people are standing and sitting on benches with skateboards.
9: A plain boarding and refueling in the rain
9: Two people paddle their surfboards over a wave.
9: a gambling bus ,with logos written ,on it ,in a parking space.
9: a cat sitting next to a bunch of bikes parked next to each other
9: The dog stands near a living room coffee table. 
9: a large grey elephant standing next to a stump.
9: A freight train is running through the country.
9: A person in a parking lot, flipping his skateboard up.
9: A traffic mirror near a building on Race Street
9: A man licking a purple and white tie
9: Person with a helmet riding on a black horse.
9: A small child in a dress holding a plastic bat.
9: Two giraffes standing very close to each other .
9: Two men in costume pose for a picture together
9: Black horse on a hill gazing off to the right.
9: A bench sit in front of a blue and yellow train.
9: There is a three way stop infront of a building.
9: A bunch of passenger jets is parked by the air port.
9: A monitor is mounted on the ceiling inside a building.
9: A cat lying on a sofa in front of a computer.
9: a toilet a toilet brush and two legs and feet 
9: A girl with pink hair standing next to a giraffe.
9: A dog is sitting in front of a tv that is turned on. 
9: A black double decker bus drives down the street with an advertisement on it.
9: A guy is sitting on a bed with a dog.
9: A woman in a wheelchair is coming into a hospital room to see a woman.
9: A plate with some noodles, broccoli, parmesan, and spinach leaves.
9: Some fruit and a coin are next to each other. 
9: A cat gives itself a bath on the hood of a car.
9: A very nice looking garden with a bench and table.
9: A black cat walks gingerly around an empty wine bottle.
9: A cow has quarter tied to its back and is sitting in a paper boat.
9: a small bird is perched up in a tree
9: Kids sitting on the chairs working on their laptops at school. 
9: A kitchen with a rectangle counter top and a box light fixture.
9: A man making a toast with a glass of wine and a sandwich on a plate in front of him.
9: A shelf with many different types of books.
9: A bus making a right turn at an intersection.
9: A child is halfway inside a piece of luggage. 
9: A computer station with a very tall stake of french fry cartons
9: Three women standing in front of a sign about bananas and a bunch of bananas.
9: A woman leans forward while swinging a tennis racket.
9: A flock of woolly sheep graze on a snowy pasture.
9: A red stop sign with a picture of a dog in the center of it.
9: An adult and a child giraffe standing in the sun. 
9: Picture of a street lamp at the corner of Recollets and Sainte-Helene.
9: The individual is skating on the side of the rail. 
9: A man standing in a kitchen next to a couch.
9: People are standing on skis in the snow.
9: a bunch of birds are standing out on a beach
9: A boat in the middle of the ocean.
9: A flock of sheep grazing in a pasture.
9: a close up of a pitcher and a vase with a flower inside
9: A small clock tower from across the very busy street. 
9: A smaller bull is staring at the much bigger giraffe. 
9: a giraffes head is near a wood fence
9: A boy skateboarding down the a busy street
9: The words Market Street are written on a white sign.
9: A person helps a little kid stand in their skiis
9: A blurry view of a line of tennis courts, some with players
9: Image of a cat standing next to a chair which is in a room with a bed.
9: There are some buildings and a clock on one.
9: Cooks are in a kitchen preparing food. 
9: a pack of hot dogs in beer on a table
9: Assorted baseball-related items include bats, balls, gloves, syringes, and vials. 
9: The person is on the water with his skis. 
9: A hunk of something being brushed with a broom.
9: A very sparse looking kitchen that's in someone's house. 
9: A computer mouse in the design of a yellow car with headlights on.
9: A reflection of a vase, a microwave and kitchen cabinets. 
9: a fire brigade lorry splashing water to the fire 
9: A tennis player who has already lost his shirt stretches for a ball.
9: Two dogs standing in front of debris in the snow. 
9: Rows of bananas sit in the center, surrounded by other vegetables and fruits.
9: A living room filled with furniture and trees painted on a wall.
9: A guy on a skate board on a big ramp.
9: A storm moves past a lighthouse overlooking the sea.
9: Several suit cases lined in rows with luggage tags on them.
9: The female skier has reached the finish line. 
9: Two woman standing on a hill of snow with ski poles. 
9: A chair and lighting is set up to take student portraits
9: The huge boat is sailing beside an island with a light house.
9: A TV on top of a table and and an old video machine is sitting beneath it.
9: A little girl playing with a tennis ball and raquet.
9: two male tennis players are talking on a tennis court
9: A cow on a city sidewalk in front of a business.
9: A stuffed dog is wedged between two plastic trash cans.
9: Fire hose that is plugged into a fire hydrant.
9: THERE ARE CARS PARKED ON THE SIDE WALK
9: Zebras, giraffes and camels stand under trees in a large enclosure.
9: A man is surfing and crouches under a wave.
9: Elderly man using electric wheel chair on grassy area with girl and woman looking on.
9: A car parked in front of a building.
9: A busy intersection filled with cars in asia
9: A black computer keyboard, mouse and mouse pad on a desk.
9: A basebakl player runs around the bases as a ball is thrown to a fielder.
9: A girl is trying to have a conversation on her cell phone in a noisy bar.
9: police sitting on a street blocking people in a certain section
9: A black dog playing in the waves of the ocean.
9: A person standing on a snowboard in the snow. 
9: A skier is towing an evergreen behind while trodding a path.
9: A woman taking a swing at a  tennis ball
9: a hilly grassy area filled with people sitting down and taking pictures
9: A little basket sits on top of some tiny stuffed teddy bears 
9: A white cat with black spots is curled up on a bed.
9: Many people are their tables, smiling for the camera. 
9: Large stuffed bear sits on counter next to beverage bottle with adults in background.
9: A couple of polar bears walking through a snowy field.
9: A room with a painting, books, and guitars. 
9: A computer monitor sitting on top of a wooden desk.
9: a kitchen with a wooden floor and a microwave oven 
9: a group of cement tables and benches and a big umbrella
9: An airborne skateboarder hoping his trick goes as planned. 
9: black and white kites flying so high with strings
9: A ceramic vase with a woman in a flowing flowered dress.
9: This is a traffic light signaling green in a downtown area.
9: A child holding a baseball bat over his shoulder.
9: A little girl setting at a table eating a pastry.
9: a black computer keyboard on a wooden desk
9: A man with a bald head has a cell phone to his ear. 
9: A brown decorative grandfather clock next to a chair.
9: A split picture shows a man with a frisbee in the park.
9: A group of people are meeting a giraffe.
9: A street scene with focus on an intersection with traffic lights.
9: A dozen assorted doughnuts in a box including glazed, filled  and frosted.
9: A bedroom that appears to be very white.
9: Part of chocolate cake with raspberries on top. 
9: The children are grouped together waiting their turn.
9: Two parking meters with the light of the sunset reflecting off one.
9: A black dog attempts to pick up a Frisbee with its mouth.
9: A person on a surfboard doing tricks in the ocean
9: A woman tennis player getting ready to be served the ball.
9: A woman surfer riding the waves in the ocean.
9: A skier is skiing toward a tree line.
9: A man sitting on a couch with a cup and a remote in his hands.
9: A couple fighting each other over a wii remote control
9: a white bus traveling on a paved street
9: a living room with some tables and couches
9: A surfer stands on their board as another surfer watches.
9: A surfer standing on a board in a river.
9: A red and white plane sitting on a runway.
9: A lady in a purple shirt leaning up to a giraffe.
9: a female in a white top and a white umbrella and lights
9: a large air plane flying in the air 
9: A woman is standing against a wall, holding an umbrella and eating.
9: A box that has some assorted doughnuts in it.
9: A pita and some fries sit on a large, white plate.
9: A guy points at a guy with carrots in his mouth. 
9: Military man stand around outside with trucks in the background. 
9: A man petting an elephant while holding a boy.
9: Giraffes walk in the green grass of their enclosure.
9: A smiling woman in uniform on a cell phone.
9: a person is wearing a backpack in a room
9: A woman laying down with her feet up and a phone in her hand. 
9: a man walking on a tennis court in front of a net
9: A blue bus is parked by a strip of grass.
9: Several people playing and watching others play Wii.
9: A grey cat among plants in front of a stone wall. 
9: A stop sign and no parking sign are covered in icicles. 
9: Three bridge supports upright in a trickling creek.
9: There are four cows standing on the side of a road
9: Some men are hanging out on a docked boat.
9: A pair of planes are parked on the tarmac of an airport.
9: A white airplane flying high in the sky
9: some pizza slices with pepperoni, sausage and onion on them
9: A woman looks through the hole of a small cookie while at a restuarant.
9: A giraffe laying down on top of a dirt field.
9: Pizza slices topped with mushroom and barbecue on a disposable plate.
9: an elephant and a dog on a dirt field with trees in the background
9: A crowded harbor filled with small sailboats and other watercraft.
9: A yak walking through a field going towards a tree. 
9: A desk with many items, including a keyboard, monitor, and books.
9: A vintage beetle with a surfboard on the top.
9: A man in glasses talking on a cellphone.
9: Now that's a big enough screen to do work on.
9: an attendant in a doughnut shop waiting on customers
9: A man riding a skateboard down the side of a ramp.
9: A plain bathroom shows a toilet, sink, and trash.
9: A crowd is walking in the outdoor plaza.
9: The three zebra are walking down the road.
9: A man in white shirt and shorts playing a game of tennis.
9: A traffic light located on a city street corner.
9: People are outside in a field flying kites.
9: A man is holding a goat that he is inspecting.
9: A pepper sits half cut on a cutting board.
9: a person is preparing to hang glide in the sky
9: A bus sits parked at a stop outside a building.
9: A horse is eating some grass in front of the fence. 
9: Multiple colored bus passing beside a tiered building. 
9: A white plate with a half eaten piece of pizza.
9: a man that is on a snowboard on a side of a hill
9: Two ham, egg, and cheese sandwiches held together with tooth picks are sitting on a piece of parchment paper in a basket
9: Skateboarder performing trick on rock slab in skate park.
9: The blue sign has a red stripe through it.
9: A train carrying tanks traveling through a rural countryside.
9: The books are placed neatly on a wall of bookshelves.
9: a man sitting outside on a laptop against a brick wall
9: A bunch of pots in a row on a counter.
9: A goose standing next to a body of water.
9: A refrigerator and stove are painted as an advertisement.
9: A few blue motorcycles are parked in a lot.
9: a kid doing a jump off of a little hill on snow skis 
9:  A plate containing potatoes, carrots and chicken. 
9: A group of young people laughing and having fun playing Wii
9: There is a baby on the television screen.
9: a man in a field holding a large yellow kite
9: A man standing in a stone based kitchen at a table.
9: A kitchen area with a stove, sink and table.
9: A picture is taken of a building on a clear day.
9: A small child lies on a bench, holding a plastic snacks bag.
9: two boats on the water, looked at through a window. 
9: A person in a black shirt gesturing towards a laptop.
9: A red and white bus is waiting with its door open by the sidewalk.
9: A person that is surfing a wave in the ocean.
9: a young person decorating a parking meter with knitted fabric
9: A cat drooling at a TV with an image of flying birds on display.
9: a little red tabke with a plate on it in the bathroom 
9: Very large building with a giant clock at the highest point. 
9: Two giraffes are eating leaves from a tree.
9: A person that is doing a trick on a skateboard.
9: A woman in a menswear style suit sits with a Yorkshire Terrier.
9: A baby girl playing with magnets on a refrigerator.
9: a modern bedroom with abstract paintings on the wall
9: A collection of antique pocket watches in various condition
9: Large trucks line up to display a patriotic red, white and blue.  
9: A woman that has a racquet on a tennis court.
9: Many people dine at tables in a dining hall.
9: Window view from the inside of airplanes, baggage carrier and tarmac. 
9: Five ladies standing in the street with umbrellas.
9: A sunlit, city-side beach is full of blue and white umbrellas. 
9: One sheep watches the other sheep as the duck looks on
9: A sail boat sails next to a light house.
9: The organizer is sitting next to the computer screen.
9: The old style airplane is flying on a cloudy day.
9: A construction site as can be viewed from the street of a building.
9: a couple of cows are standing by a lake
9: Three stuffed bears hugging and sitting on a blue pillow
9: A group of people with their faces painted in makeup
9: A locomotive in the rear of a train pushing it. 
9: a small fully cooked pizza resting on plate next to a fork
9: A bunch of zebras in a park somewhere.
9: A white teddy bear with a cat sleeping beside it.
9: a man eating an oyster with hot sauce and a beer
9: A woman is snow skiing on a mountain slope.
9: A bearded man in a suit eating pizza. 
9: A lush green banana tree with a big bunch of bananas.
9: A desk that is surrounded by anime dolls and toys
9: A suitcase is kept open on bed for packing.
9: A blender sits on a counter next to a toaster.
9: A group of people are sitting in front of a doughnut shop, smiling.
9: An audio cord with a speaker, computer and keyboard.
9: The couple is cutting the cake to share with guests.
9: A cat stretching its paw over a keyboard. 
9: a dog is tied up to a fire hydrant
9: A train travelling on a street with buses and cars. 
9: A woman on a tennis court preparing a forehand swing
9: a muffin sandwich with fruit and yogurt on it
9: a bike resting against a boat out side
9: cucumbers oranges and bananas in a wicker bowl 
9: A small child and a man are on snow skis.
9: Bunches of banana on display at the market.
9: a room with so many books and a man reading a newspaper
9: a man is holding a tennis racket on a court
9: The sky above a clock tower is very smokey at night.
9: A pizza topped with mushrooms and tomatoes on a table..
9: A young man ridding a small wave on a surfboard.
9: A picture of some food in the kitchen.
9: a group of people on motorcycles riding through  a rock tunnel and a sign says falling rock
9: A blue bus driving down a street next to a forest.
9: A TV in an entertainment center in a living room.
9: The players are involved in a very intense game.
9: Two beds in a room with orange walls and lovely curtains.
9: A pot on the stove with broccoli, tomatoes and other ingredients with a wooden spoon inside.
9: A person is flanked by luggage and a pillow.
9: A white toilet sitting next to a toilet paper roller.
9: A kitchen scene with a person moving a refrigerator.
9: A family sits behind the fence at a junior baseball game.
9: A cubicle with decorated walls and multiple computers
9: Girl in blue shirt swinging a baseball bat.
9: A skier navigating down a skiing hill during the day.
9: A young woman is surfing on a blue surf board.
9: two trains pass each other on tracks in a city
9: A cake with lit candles on top of it.
9: A black cat laying down in a piece of gray luggage.
9: A number of books laying on a bed.
9: The sign designating the intersection of Williams Street.
9: The tennis player is running to catch a ball.
9: A large tall brick tower has a clock on top.
9: A red train with 2 cars sitting on tracks.
9: A herd of zebras grazing on the savannah.
9: A couple of people standing on top of  a snow covered slope.
9: Brown toy bear blind folded and sitting in corner.
9: A group of people standing on top of a snow covered slope.
9: Large stuffed bear sitting outside of a building.
9: a man is seen holding a very old cellphone 
9: A black and white photo of a woman sitting on a fire hydrant near a flower shop.
9: A city scape scene with a train yard in the foreground.
9: A man varnishing a surfboard in a shop.
9: A wooden park bench next to a country road.
9: A herd of zebras playing in an open field.
9: An airplane soaring through the air while lifting its landing gear.
9: a woman is looking at a brown horse with a white stripe on its nose
9: A man and child pose for a picture together
9: some seagulls and a red and white lighthouse 
9: A man swinging a baseball bat on a field.
9: A bus drives down an otherwise empty road.
9: A stop sign leans to the right at a small town intersection
9: A donut with pieces of cereal on it, and a cup of coffee.
9: A utility pole with a sign nailed to it on a city street.
9: Three zebras stand camouflaged in the wide open plains.
9: A man with goggles in sitting on a snowboard.
9: Two cats asleep on a sofa with a blanket on it.
9: Black fridge filled with food and drinks. 
9: A table that has plates of food, cups, and silver ware on it.
9: A few people standing on top of a hill flying a kite.
9: A small furry animal is being held next to a piece of broccoli.
9: A display at a grocery store filled with lots of different fruits.
9: A full view of a baseball game with many people.
9: A group of people riding waves on top of surfboards.
9: Three windows admit light into a small living room.
9: An animal that is walking in the wild.
9: A baseball player at bat, with umpire and catcher behind him
9: The kitchen sink is next to a dishwasher.
9: Stacks of Dominos Pizza boxes with a pizza
9: The empty bus is parked in the parking lot. 
9: This is a woman with a cell phone resting on her face. 
9: Two young people holding Wii controllers playing a game in the living room.
9: Trees, bushes, and a white shelter outside in the middle of the bushes
9: A woman sitting on the toilet with a cup of coffee.
9: Two trains side by side with people boarding them in the city.
9: Several small airplanes lined up at an airport.
9: A shaggy haired sheep standing in a field of grass.
9: two pieces of bread with peanut butter and bananas
9: A person typing on one computer with another adjacent. 
9: Carrots picked from the earth are still dirty.
9: A bus with graffitti written on the side if it 
9: a little black cat sitting on the dashboard of a car
9: this is a man with a beard and some glasses
9: A men's bathroom with at least three stalls and two urinals.
9: A dog sitting on a couch by a laptop.
9: A bear sits in a hole inside of a large, green tree.
9: An ornate metal clock with clawed feet on display.
9: a women in a white blouse is holding a remote in her hands.
9: A frameless glass shower door with a white towel hanging from the handle. 
9: a man that is on a skateboard on a ramp
9: a tall red bus is coming down some tracks
9: A surfer is catching a wave while another one is floating
9: A person is skiing while looking at the camera.
9: skis and matching ski poles on snowy background
9: A male tennis player with a racket in his hands
9: A large giraffe walking around the zoo. 
9: An unattractive and worn apartment with an open front door.
9: A view of bunch of flowers sitting on a shelf.
9: A person holding a cellphone and sitting next to a group of other people.
9: There is a parade of elephants walking across the road.
9: A type of desert with chocolate and powdered sugar. 
9: A windsurfer adjusting his sail in the shallow surf.
9: A bird standing on a rock near grass.
9: A man getting ready to catch a baseball.
9: A elephant standing beside a stone wall under a green tent.
9: Two cars are parked across the street from a sidewalk bench.
9: A woman holding a blue umbrella next to a field.
9: A house where you can see the bedroom and relaxing room.
9: A person is holding his toothbrush next to a sleeping cat.
9: A city road with cars, truck and traffic lights
9: A street that is lined with parked cars.
9: A wooden bench is against a brick wall.
9: A couple of road signs are placed together next to a tree. 
9: A girl is holding a pastry designed to look like cars.
9: There are surfers under a dock near the ocean.
9: Man doing a high jump on a snow board.
9: A cat laying on many shoes on a brown rug. 
9: A view of living room's sofa, television and coffee table.
9: The view of a small kitchen display between two television screens.
9: A group of people on a beach preparing to paraglide.
9: A yellow city bus driving on the  street.
9: A cat hiding behind a bunch of boxes next to a laptop.
9: A white frisbee flying over the top of a green field.
9: A yellow, blue and purple subway train at a subway train station.
9: A bottle of mineral water by a TV that is on.
9: A small train ride for young children to go on
9: Train parked at a train station ready for passengers.
9: A woman works at a computer workstation in an office.
9: A man is walking with a cow who's sporting a red ribbon. 
9: A large crowd standing around a bus station
9: Four buses parked in a lot near a large tent.
9: The single engine airplane flies below a single cloud.
9: four tennis players on a tennis court playing doubles tennis
9: A girl holds her tennis racket to get ready for the next hit.
9: A double decker bus drives away from the water.
9: A woman holding on tight to a kite.
9: A traffic light on the side of a large building.
9: A kitchen interior with olive green wooden cabinets
9: People standing around and walking in the dirt.
9: two guys standing next to each other as they hold onto frisbees 
9: a living room witj a couch some chairs and a tv
9: an old refridgerator standing next to a wall
9: A small train is traveling near a large hills and a small town.
9: An elephant being transported down the road on the back of a truck.
9: There are plates with food and drinks on the table. 
9: A man driving a truck with hundreds of bananas on top of it.
9: The person is on the beach flying a kite. 
9: People are gathered together for a in pool luncheon with floating trays.
9: A black and white chicken is walking through tall plants.
9: A bunch of vegetables scattered about on a table top.
9: A group of teddy bears are near Christmas trees.
9: a white shirt a red tie and some black shoes
9: Computer keyboard, mouse and mouse pad on a desk
9: A row of sinks are against the wall in a public bathroom.
9: a lady walking in the rain carrying a pink umbrella
9: there are many ana planes at the airport
9: A cat is standing next to a dog that is lying down.
9: A man is using his smart phone in an elevator.
9: A digital toaster oven sitting between a toaster and dish rack on a counter.
9: A very big pretty horse pulling a fancy carriage.
9: Well lit bathroom with a jacuzzi style bath tub and small sink. 
9: Breads, meats, cheeses, and fruit are on the breakfast platter.
9: an image of a kitchen setting with white wooden shelving
9: Cat sitting on top of a television with a blurry face.
9: A couple of white and gray birds sitting on a dock next to a lake.
9: Shirtless boy with some wood and a hammer.
9: two women in a kitchen bottles and lights
9: a city street at night with a lit clock on the corner
9: A flock of handmade sheep standing on a wooden table.
9: A man in a black suit carries a checkered umbrella as he walks on a crosswalk.
9: Two snowboarders posing for a picture in the snow.
9: a woman holding a tennis racket gets ready to return the serve 
9: A grass field area with a group of sheep that are together and facing a fence.
9: Some guys with big sticks in a field with some elephants.
9: THERE IS A MAN THAT IS LOOKINGIN THE MIRROR 
9: girl with dog standing next to a horse
9: A person laying on the ground near a two buildings.
9: a white sheep against a colored background orange blue purple and yellow
9: Teen girls celebrate on the field during a soccer game.
9: A two story gym sitting next to a traffic signal.
9: Rows of clocks with buildings in the background.
9: A woman playing tennis, swinging her racquet toward the ball.
9: Two adult males enjoy playing a videogame together.
9: A group of kids posing for a picture on a tennis court.
9: a bed frame that is set up in a room
9: A car dressed up for a parade contains a parasol
9: A woman in white shirt holding a kite on beach.
9: This is a picture of pancakes, bacon and coffee.
9: A street side tree is filled with candles, teddy bears and balloons.
9: A advert featuring a stop sign and the slogan "the attack on worker rights" 
9: The colorful umbrella is sitting by the beach,
9: A manual or book about ten-speed bicycles 
9: a woman and a baby look at giraffes at the zoo
9: a bear that is standing on some big rocks
9: The person is holding a pastry with worms in it. 
9: This is a creative use of leaves and small reeds as an arrangement.
9: people wave sailing with a parachute at the beach
9: A man swinging a tennis racket in a t-shirt
9: A large bus parked on the side of the street.
9: A cat underneath a car on the pavement looking Rome underneath 
9: A close up of a bowl of vegetables containing broccoli and carrots.
9: A white truck with designs drives on a dirt road
9: this is a toy that looks like a kitchen
9: A group of young men in suits outside of a building
9: A group of boats in the sandy area of a beach.
9: A cat wearing a sweater and a pair of glasses
9: City street with shops, pedestrians, automobiles, and motorcyclist. 
9: A set of plush toy teddy bears sitting in a sled.
9: a living room with a table and a shelf
9: A bus parked in a beach parking lot is covered with graffiti. 
9: a man and a women using  sign to protest.
9: A cheese and vegetable casserole sitting on a rack
9: A stop sign next to a field of sunflowers.
9: A black and white cat laying on a seat next to windows.
9: A bed sitting in a bedroom with a wooden headboard.
9: A man plays a Wii bowling game in a large room.
9: Two men work in a small restaurant kitchen.
9: two sheep laying next to each other by a fence 
9: A woman sits next to a vintage moped in the grass.  
9: A girl in an orange sweater is sitting on a skateboard.
9: Several vehicles and people in the grass on the side if the road.
9: The cars are parked in the parking lot. 
9: i think this is a photo of two birds in flight
9: there is a parking pay meter that is about to fall
9: An old church building with a clock and cross depicted on the top.
9: A woman sitting in front of a laptop computer holding a cup of coffee.
9: A five layer cake sitting on top of a  wooden table.
9: Various clocks adorn the walls of a restaurant.
9: A man and woman are sitting in front of their laptops with snacks.
9: A cat sitting on a desk with its legs across the keyboard.
9: A fondant teddy bear sits on top of a cake.
9: A train passing by some houses on the street
9: A table with food and a glass of red wine.
9: An airplane flying overhead with the wheels down
9: A jumbo jet plane with a boarding walkway attached to it.
9: A baseball player at home plate swings at a pitch.
9: The man is practicing his tricks in the snow. 
9: A man that is on a surfboard in the water.
9: Large grey elephant carrying a man down a city street. 
9: A couple of men carrying surfboard into a flooded street with a brown dog.
9: A hot dog in a white wrapper and a drink sit on a red plastic tray.
9: A clock tower painted in white, blue, and green.
9: A woman standing beside a horse while she has her arm around it.
9: A pile of different types of food sitting next to each other.
9: Young man and woman eating at a food court counter.
9: A pink box filled with lots of different flavored donuts.
9: a close up of a panda bear next to a bag 
9: A sandwich with vegetables and a pickle sit on a plate.
9: A public clock with ornate art deco figurines of women supporting it
9: A red bus is parked along the side of a street
9: A person surfing in the air, with a wind board.
9:  a piece of cake on a plate and cup full of liquid sitting on the table
9: A train with two engines pulling cars along the curve of a fall photo.
9: Two young men playing a game of frisbee.
9: This polar bear is looking at the polar bear that is laying on the ground.
9: A woman sitting next to another woman who is holding a cup and looking at her cellphone.
9: a small pizza on a paper plate 
9: Jet airplane parked at an airport at twilight.
9: A man on skis doing a track while being photographed.
9: A cat rests its paw near the trackpad of a laptop. 
9: A blurry picture of a black cat sitting in front of a flat screen monitor.
9: A bundle of bananas hanging from a line.
9: this red light house sits at the end of a pier
9: a person sitting on a near a window and a wall
9: The old fashioned train is setting on the track.
9: A silver cellphone has a large screen and built in keyboard.
9: A stuffed bear and some books in a room.
9: A skier in a skiing position on a snowy slope.
9: A black and white photo of a woman walking down a street carrying an umbrella.
9: Cattle are being herded down a rural road.
9: A large sitting room with several couches and chairs.
9: A stone fireplace with entertainment center and mantle.
9: A man standing next to another man flying a kite.
9: Two skiers kneel down in the snow next to a sign. 
9: A surfboard is decorated and sitting in the sand.
9: a guy riding a bike down the street
9: A man reaches out to give the elephant something. 
9: A small plain looking bathroom that is in someone's house. 
9: There is a bus and cars on a street.
9: A small bathroom with a toilet and sink.
9: A woman sits on a motorcycle with a sidecar.
9: A computer mouse with a cat's paw next to it.
9: A young lady that is standing and smiling for a photo. 
9: A man is jumping over small sculptures with a skateboard.
9: A person stands on skis on a snowy mountain.
9: A sandwich, soup, and salad all sit on a plate.
9: A duck waddling on dry grass by a lake.
9: Several dump trucks are going along the road.
9: This seems to be several glasses on an object. 
9: A man wears a light while skiing at night.
9: A girl is surfing on a surf board in the ocean. 
9: A man with a surfboard is standing on the large rocks by the water.
9: A hotel looking room has another room through the door.
9: A couple of giraffes and ostriches feeding at a zoo.
9: A view from behind a mesh fence of a baseball game.
9: a close up of a street sign near a power pole
9: Many bags of luggage have been stacked near a door.
9: a young person is performing a ski trick in the air
9: A woman posing on a balcony adjacent to an elephant structure.
9: A cross country skier following a trail in the snow.
9: a small kitchen with a island table and wooden chairs
9: A boy sitting on the pavement next to a skateboard.
9: an image of a laptop and other electronics on top of a bed
9: A plane takes off from an airport with other planes behind it.
9: a couple of giraffes standing around by a big rock wall 
9: Two men are brushing their hair and brushing teeth.
9: A guy on a surf board in the river.
9: A person's hands are holding a cell phone.
9: Double Decker bus stopping at a bus stop with people. 
9: A person who is racing down a hill on snow skis.
9: a knife a cutting board some bananas and a toaster
9: Some people on motorcycles by a big wall.
9: Small child sits on a bed and touches a laptop keyboard. 
9: A large white passenger airplane on an airport runway.
9: A group of men standing on a tennis court holding racquets.
9: Several people expressing their right to protest violence
9: A cat is looking at a cluttered computer desk.
9: A beer bottle and a goblet of beer are posed side by side on a table.
9: Ornate archway inset with matching fireplace in room.
9: The handle of some type of silverware 
9: A man is surfing in the crystal blue water
9: People waiting in line at a food truck. 
9: A young man on a beach catching a yellow Frisbee.
9: some people a white umbrella and some signs
9: A person throws a frisbee under their leg.
9: A woman wearing a floral dress is holding a umbrella
9: A group of elephants are scattered in an enclosure.
9: A man playing the guitar while at his music workstation.
9: Tagged animals are grazing on grass in a field
9: A cake welcoming someone sitting amist dishes and breads on a table.
9: Two women playing tennis in a stadium with a grass court.
9: The elephants are walking through the trees in the shade.
9: There is a woman laying across a bed
9: A man on a skateboard is doing a trick
9: A hotel bedroom with balcony overlooking the ocean.
9: A cat sitting on top of an object next to another cat.
9: A woman stands in the kitchen with her back to the camera.
9: a man is standing in a blue shirt
9: A bathroom with the door just slightly ajar
9: Two large brown horses pulling a red trolley behind them.
9: a couple of people stand next to a being pulled by horses
9: a person siting at a table with plates of food
9: A bathroom with a book case in it with stacks of books in front of the toilet. 
9: A young woman sitting at a table with food, a cell phone and papers.
9: a person that is jumping a skateboard in the air
9: a living room that has some couches in it
9: A man standing next to a zebra gesturing toward it.
9: a few zebras and two giraffes in a field together
9: A kitchen scene with wood floors and wood style cabinets.
9: a young kid holding a donut by an outdoors table 
9: A meat filled sandwich sitting next to a cup of chili.
9: The pizza sitting on the counter next to the fork and plate looks burn.
9: Two men and a woman sit at a table that is in front of a large bookshelf and the table has wine glasses and a bottle of wine on it.
9: A large slice of pepperoni pizza on a white paper plate.
9: A bag, toy car, shoe, and iPhone are on the table. 
9: A decorated room with no one in it has a table in the middle with various items on top. 
9: A person with a helmet, boots and jacket on sitting in the street next to a motorcycle. 
9: A calm ocean inlet beckons all boats and sailors.
9: a suitcase with writing on it sitting next to a guitar
9: Three people are preparing a meal in a small kitchen.
9: Picture of white and orange flowers in a vase
9: A man in a suit who is looking up.
9: People inside a public establishment playing with a video game.
9: A woman using her laptop with a cat in her lap.
9: A man is holding two sandwiches one  in each hand.
9: Two people are in the background of a pigeon.
9: A very big pretty arch way with a bunch of people near it.
9: A paper plate filled with meat vegetables, and rice.
9: There is a remote control sitting on the table.
9: Several white boats sitting at a dock near yellow building.
9: A sign that reads "Nirvana Drive" sits atop a sign that reads "Dead End". 
9: a lady that is on a tennis court with a racket
9: a couple of people are kicking a ball in a field
9: A group of people stand with bats on a field.
9: A boy stands at the top of a jump with his skateboard.
9: Group of people in an open market with a variety of fruits. 
9: a stripped cat sitting near a brick wall
9: A boat is driving across the water in the evening.
9: The wooly sheep are grazing in the green pasture.
9: a bathroom with a toilet a sink and a window
9: a stop sign is in grass behind a fence
9: A skier in the air, skis crossed, coming down a slope.  
9: A man on a tennis court who has just hit the tennis ball
9: A close up picture of a brown bear's face.
9: An elephant with three zebra and three giraffe on a water bank.
9: This is a scrambled egg omelet on a white plate. 
9: Two cats that are siting near a tray.
9: A bus with two levels parking on the side of the street.
9: Two adult elephants are standing beside a road while men are riding on top.
9: A black board has some white writing on it.
9: A giraffe standing in front of a fence and bushes with a large city overlooking in the background.
9: a little toy mario that is in the top of a boot
9: A black cat is on a wood bench in the snow.
9: Two cars driving down a street with a horse and wagon parked along the curb.
9: A group of workers all have laptop computers.
9: a snow boarder flying through the air on his snow board.
9: Boys eating large carrots in a play room.
9: A mirror that is hanging above a sink.
9: this is a child and two women on a beach
9: A lobby with several pieces of luggage. 
9: A sandwich with a few missing bites sits on a plate.
9: There are two people surfing on the water.
9: A vegetable pizza sits on top of a wooden board.
9: A small dog is sitting on an old-fashioned rocking chair.
9: A whole ton of phones are charging on display
9: A piece of chocolate cake is decorated with strawberry.
9: A slice of pizza that does not have red sauce is on a white plate.  
9: A little boy that is sitting at a table with food in front of it.
9: A bunch of boats sitting in a harbor,during the day.
9: A slice has been taken from the cake topped with Oreo cookies.
9: A group of people lounging around in a room 
9: A here of zebra taking a drink from a stream.
9: This is a stuffed animal on a toilet seat.
9: A bunch of vehicles that are sitting in the street.
9: A restroom with a toilet, sink and window
9: a truck with an open door and two people sitting on top
9: Some cars and people sit on a mostly empty beach. 
9: A cat is curled up on a brown couch in this living room.
9: a hand holding a cellphone and another person in a white tshirt
9: A man in a tuxedo signs an autograph for another man
9: A tan building with windows and a clock face on top. 
9: A BIG HAMBURGER SITTING ON TOP OF A COUNTER AND A GLASS OF WINE 
9: Commodes displayed on cement floor side by side.
9: A blurry photo shows a road going into blue mountains.
9: A setup a model village and train set.
9: Several kayaks moving across smooth waters with buildings in the background
9: a close up of two people riding a motorcycle
9: A cat curled up on a bed with a book beside him.
9: there is a very large room with only a bed in it
9: A bouquet of flowers is artfully arranged in a vase.
9: A young man skateboarding near railing that overlooks the city skyline
9: A couple embracing on a snow covered ski slope.
9: A bed that is in a room with a light next to it.
9: a station wagon being carried in the back of a truck
9: A boat dock and harbor with a number of boats tied off to the dock.
9: A man is holding his tennis racquet on a course.
9: this woman is returning a served tennis ball
9: A man holding a remote at the camera.
9: A man up in the air on a skateboard.
9: Wine glasses are sitting lined up on a counter.
9: A bench, a street light and a fire hydrant in the middle of nowhere.
9: A person is talking on a cell phone.
9: A person on a snowboard riding on a slope.
9: Two boys are looking at two white swans.
9: A pack of giraffes are standing in a field.
9: a dog chasing a frisbee on the grass
9: A dog lying on the sunny cement behind a parked truck.
9: A group of cyclists riding together down the highway.
9: toilet bowl and computer CRT monitor on the ground
9: Two containers on a table holding grapes, salami and a bun. 
9: The batter is is at bat and is tracking the pitch.
9: Two rather old parking meters with a building in the rear.
9: A man hits a baseball with a bat while a group of spectators watch him
9: Young girls prepare to get the ball as they play in a soccer match.
9: A large chocolate milkshake and a slice of cake.
9: The giraffe is standing in front of the harbor. 
9: A couple of cross country skiers on a bright sunny day on mountain.
9: A woman sitting on top of a white bed with an afro.
9: Group of three motorcyclists standing in front of their motorcycles.
9: A monitor is displaying a blue screen on the desktop as it sits next to two speakers, a keyboard and a mouse.
9: The children are showing their appreciation for the gifts.
9: A dog pants next to a bowl of water on the ground
9: A baseball player at home plate who has just hit the ball
9: A stuffed animal and a fire truck toy on a subway seat
9: A living room and entertainment room a fireplace.
9: Skiers glide on flat snowy land toward a mountain .
9: There are boys playing baseball on the firld
9: A person with a laptop and a tie in a room.
9: Blonde haired person looking through the hole of a big doughnut.
9: A white plate with two slices of cheese and a whole banana unpealed.
9: A bunch of sheep graze in a field. 
9: Two slices of pizza sitting on top of a paper plate.
9: A tennis player has her racket fully extended across her body.
9: The back of a bench with a body of water in the background.
9: A flock of sheep is led down a rural road
9: some red and green flower in a room
9: A bathroom with white a white toilet and countertop.
9: A horseback rider competing in an obstacle course event.
9: A baseball player pitching a baseball on top of a field.
9: some different vegetables laid out on a wooden pallet
9: A boy in a grey shirt riding on a skateboard.
9: Two plates of food on a table next to each other.
9: The red train is parked at the platform near a bench. 
9: A photo of a boy riding his skateboard in a parking lot.
9: Someone holding a half eaten banana in their hand.
9: four urinals and its two sets of pipes
9: A girl relaxing at a table looking over a menu.
9: Two parrots perched on a log near a watering tin.
9: A white bathroom with a sink and a bathtub
9: A dining area features a wood table and chairs, a silver refrigerator and light brown cabinets.
9: Three giraffes lounging under a large tree relaxing.
9: A group of Chinese vases sitting on a carpeted area.
9: A living room with a wooden entertainment center.
9: A white mug is sitting on a counter
9: Two suitcases are placed in the trunk of a car.
9: Luggage on wheels sits on the floor in an airport waiting area.
9: A being is doing an action that shows satisfaction. 

9: A group of baseball players piled on to of each other
9: A young female surfer just rode a wave at the beach
9: A man holds open a refrigerator door and leans.
9: A man sitting on a park bench reading the paper.
9: A city has colorful buildings and signs among cars.
9: A LOT OF PEOPLE ARE SKIING ON THE MOUNTAIN 
9: There is a car next to the airplane.
9: A tasty looking piece of pizza with meat toppings.
9: Many cars drive through the intersection near a well lit building.
9: A gray and red bus parked next to a body of water.
9: two brown dogs are sitting on a chair
9: A man swinging a tennis racquet towards a ball.
9: Giraffe and zebra in a grass and tree area of animal park, with parked cars.
9: A bedroom with a bed, closet, and large window.
9: Black bear walking in water with water falling off of it. 
9: a bathroom that has a big sink in it
9: A man in a black suit standing up with other people around.
9: A hot dog with condiments  on some bread.
9: A blue toilet has the lid down in a bathroom.
9: One apple and several oranges sit in a bowl.
9: A white automatic dishwasher sitting under a microwave oven.
9: A couple of large airplanes out in the open.
9: A young child taking a swing at a  tennis ball
9: A man is riding his bike down a subway area under a Clearance sign. 
9: Traffic on the road.Many traffic lights are seen controlling the traffic.
9: a person riding skis on a snowy slope
9: A man without a shirt is doing a trick on a skate board.
9: An image of a city skyline taken at night.
9: A toilet and a be day with gold handles.
9: a wood chair is in a alley way
9: A clock stands on the corner of a city street.
9: A man on a surfboard catches air over a wave.
9: a new truck on display at a car show
9: A small bird on a tree branch in the woods.
9: A person riding a motorcycle down a road.
9: two giraffes inside of a cage under a cage
9: A skateboarder is doing tricks at a skate park.
9: A bathroom scene with a toilet and a sink.
9: A group of people sitting at a table.
9: A jumbo jet plane with a cargo truck parked next to the doorway.
9: A very tall building with pointy towers in front of a flag.
9: A clock on a building has statues around it.
9: The people on the side of the street are using umbrellas.
9: Objects are displayed on a circular white table.
9: a baseball player throwing a pitch from the mound
9: A woman is posing for a picture in a large neon sign.
9: A man in a dirty t-shirt is playing a video game.
9: a person leading an elephant on a city street
9: A group of seagulls fly close to the sand on the shore of a beach.
9: A group of people on the beach with a kite flying over them.
9: People carrying blue surf boards down a bath to the beach.
9: A person kiteboarding next to a sandy beach in the ocean.
9: A little kid petting a black and white cow whose eating hay.
9: A statue sitting on a bench next to a woman.
9: Two large brown horses grazing in a lush field of grass.
9: A group of people skiing and snowboarding on the snow.
9: a horse playfully rolls around on the grass as a person watches.
9: two women in a kitchen are decorating a cake
9: A man spraying water in the air is wakeboarding.
9: Baseball player number 22 holding batting gloves and wearing helmet
9: A salad served with a pickle and small sandwich.
9: Middle aged man is preparing a turkey dinner.
9: A person on an orange compute while another is on her cell phone and the third one is staring out in space.
9: Three people are in a bedroom, one of them is lighting candles on a cake.
9: The plane is flying low in the air close to the purple trees.
9: A car is parked next to a meter.
9: This blurry picture shows the side of a brick building.
9: The two planes are flying in the sky.
9: The freshly dug up carrots are piled on the brick pavement.
9: A delicious single piece of pizza is being served from a whole pizza on a buffet table.
9: A group of people standing next to each other while wearing ski equipment.
9: a close up of a cake on a table near a box of cookies
9: An elephant standing inside of a dirt pen.
9: The beautiful flowers are inside the buckets by the window
9: A brown and white cow in the middle of a street with people walking by.
9: A person engaging in a water sport with skis on. 
9: A couple of cats and a chair in a room.
9: A dog hangs his head out the window of a car as it travels down the road.
9: Three cellphones are sitting chained to a table.
9: A dog with perked ears sitting on a rocky beach next to a body of water.
9: A green haired lady with a heart shaped sunglasses petting a horse.
9: Wall street sign pictured next to American decorations.
9: The homely lady hugs her teddy bear tightly because she cannot find a man.
9: A bus parked on a street with a bicycle attached to the front.
9: A bred and silver plane resting on stands outside.
9: This bathroom has mirrors on the doors, cabinets, and a bathtub in the corner.
9: A black and white picture of two men playing a tennis match with the umpire and spectators look on
9: Dog in basket on bike parked near wood pole.
9: a bathroom with a stain on the floor
9: this is an image of a cat under a car.
9: A simple Sicilian-style pizza with tomato, spinach, and cheese shavings
9: A smiling woman is in the foreground as a captive giraffe peers over the fence in the background.
9: Two white boats travel on a wooded waterway.
9: A HERD OF SHEEP GRAZING ALONG SIDE A HILL.
9: A man has a Frisbee and he is about to throw it.
9: a man holding a pole and skiing on the snow
9: A woman stops on a rainy street to read something on a building.
9: a public transit bus on a city street 
9: There is no where to park on the city street
9: A fire engine truck on the road with kids and teddy bears
9: An apartment kitchen and living room with matching wood decor.
9: a pile of assorted donuts sitting on the counter 
9: a school bus on a city street 
9: A body of water at night with two boats docked.
9: There is a motorcycle parked in a parking lot.
9: a bunch of umbrellas sitting in front of a building 
9: The batter, catcher, and plate umpire are fixed on the pitcher.
9: three circular object laying on their side with a section sliced out
9: A man in blue shirt preparing food in a kitchen.
9: a hand holding up an old cell phone that flips open
9: A man riding on top of a surfboard in the ocean.
9: A desk that has a laptop computer on it.
9: A very tall traffic control tower sitting in an airport.
9: The group of people are sitting together eating.
9: A herd of cattle grazing on top of a grass covered beach.
9: A kitchen with wood cabinets and white appliances and countertops.
9: The umbrella is stuck in the fence area
9: A deck with  a chair and a table with umbrella on it.
9: A young man, without his shirt, is having his picture taken on the skateboarding ramp. 
9: Several soda cans sit on a computer desk near a laptop.
9: A bench in this garden provides a quiet place to sit. 
9: An elephant and a baby elephant are in a field with long grass.
9: A man with a beard is playing video games while two other people watch.
9: Man riding a brown horse over a jump at a horse jumping competition.
9: A clean kitchen with all the necessary appliances.
9: Two teddy bear astronauts float through space, tethered to a metal pole.
9: A man is taking a picture of a train as it passes by on the tracks.
9: A girl softball player talks with a woman in a field.
9: Several people on bicycles and pedestrians are traveling near some trees and buildings including a church.
9: An intricate metal clock on the face of a building
9: A man sleeping in and unfurnished room on a blow up mattress with a sleeping bag.
9: a big pan with three piazzas on it 
9: A group of people playing ultimate Frisbee on an overcast day. 
9: a table with glasses candles and silverware and lights
9: A beautiful woman walking down a street while talking on a cellphone.
9: A few vases sitting on a table with flowers in them
9: A giraffe eats next to a zebra among some rocks.
9: A small minibus with luggage in the overhead rack.
9: A man standing next to a kitchen sink wearing a blue shirt.
9: Person cutting a pizza on top of wooden cutting board. 
9: a few cars that are parked out on a road
9: A man working at a table covered with shallow bowls.
9: A man in white shirt playing a game with Nintendo Wii controller.
9: there are four benches in this park and a tree in the middle. 
9: A bathroom sink sitting under a bathroom mirror.
9: A man standing in front of a bunch of doughnuts.
9: Green boat sitting in the center of a small lake. 
9: A red train with its door closed sitting at a station.
9: The old woman is in the kitchen ready to make food
9: A batter at a baseball game looking back at the catcher.
9: The baseball player is hoping for a hit.
9: a remote is resting on the seat of a wooden bench
9: A tennis player on a hard surface court swinging a tennis racket while jumping.
9: And elderly gentleman leads a horse by the reins.
9: A cat is napping with a pile of sneakers.
9: A guy walking the beach carrying a surfboard that says "surf rescue".
9: There are some snowboarders sliding down a slope
9: A horse drawn carriage is being pulled down a snowy road. 
9: A hotdog with mustard and ketchup on a white oval plate.
9: A kitchen sink near cupboards and a dishwasher.
9: A woman in pink shirt sitting at table with food.
9: a gray race horse being let by a man
9: A train has an out of order sign on it.
9: A cross-country skier moving away from the camera.
9: A person surfs a wave in the blue ocean near green cliffs.
9: a bathroom with a striped bathroom curtain 
9: Someone pulls a green banana from a pile of banana clusters.
9: A group of people sit in a restaurant together.
9: A living room with a flat screen TV and couch.
9: The three dogs are walking on the beach together. 
9: a man with a hat driving a horse and cart
9: A wooden bench by some trees in the grass.
9: Men gather around a counter with cooking items on it.
9: The bench in the field has a memorial plaque on it.
9: An elephant walking down a hill near a boat in the water.
9: you can see that there is a white bus in the mirror
9: Three people live in one room who share a bathroom.
9: A man puts his hand out the back of a truck where a dog is resting with his head above the truck bed.
9: A gym full of men playing volleyball with each other.
9: A sign in front of a building, in front of a building.
9: A group of police riding brown horses down a road.
9: a living room with a view of a couch, tv  sitting on a wooden floor
9: Girl in a dress throwing a red frisbee.
9: A bunch of different shot of people with a frisbee.
9: an area with a hotplate a cooler section and a door
9: Two teddy bears sitting at a wooden table having a meal.
9: A cow sits in a truck with hay barrels in it .
9: A tennis player is playing in a match.
9: People on a sidewalk next to building with clock.
9: A bearded guy on a phone in a store.
9: a man skying very high on the snowy mountains
9: Men skiing on a snow bank outside a cave.
9: A black and white photo of children in a library
9: A toy town with a train on the tracks passing a signal.
9: A man looking at a computer screen while holding a cup.
9: A person is ready to hit a tennis ball on a tennis court.
9: A sole yellow flower emerges from a blue vase.
9: An electric keyboard is attached to a laptop.
9: A motorcycle that is sitting in the dirt.
9: A toilet with the seat up in a run down paneled bathroom.
9: A man using his skis to jump a small hill.
9: Two people rowing in a boat on the water.
9: A man running on the beach in swimming trunks. 
9: Blue and white truck parked next to an open building. 
9: A tiny bathroom with a toilet, a small sink, and a shower.
9: A blue bird sitting on a branch of a tree.
9: a man sleeping in his bed with three dogs
9: A man is bicycling down a street with a passenger standing on the back.
9: Pizza slices in box with stuffed animal too.
9: A young boy holds a softball bat over his head indoors.
9: A dog umping up on its hind paws.
9: a close up of a person eating a plate of food 
9: A woman crouched on the corner sidewalk using a cell phone 
9: A person rides a motorcycle down a road.
9: A bunch of bananas very close up on a table.
9: an image of a person doing tricks on skiis down the slope
9: A tall clock tower and a tree against a blue sky.
9: a person taking a photo of a baby with their cell phone 
9: a man sitting down talking on a cell phone while looking out a window 
9: Two small whippet dogs sleeping on a messy bed.
9: a bathroom sink two baskets and a towel
9: A large lit clock with a Colgate sign.
9: legs on a snowboard looking down a steep slope.
9: A skateboarder uses a parking area as a skate park.
9: Tw people ride horses with trees in the background.
9: There is a black bird perched on wood.
9: Three males are in a field playing baseball.
9: Two zebras grazing on a couple of leaves.
9: A man is running along the shoreline while another person watches from the water.
9: A painting of a boat on the water with buildings on the shore.
9: Two giraffes are bent over eating out of a dish.
9: Several cars are parked in front of the building.
9: a green army truck parked in seclusion by the american flag.
9: A baby sitting in a high chair eating a piece of cake.
9: A bunch of cars sitting at a red traffic light
9: Someone is protesting the financial control of Wall Street.
9: A person has a banana under a purple pillow.
9: a dog holding a red frisbee in its mouth.
9: A large river with the Big Ben clock tower next to it.
9: a green bench with graffiti on it near a wooded area
9: A furnished decorated living room with teal walls,  paintings and a white sofa.
9: A cat is sitting on some wood under the sun.
9: A bench and trees in a park with green grass and a walkway.
9: A pate on a table with a mix of vegetables.
9: woman with strange hairdo sitting at table with a huge plate of food.
9: A small table set with pastries and tea
9: A man skiing on a snow path in between trees.
9: A cheese pizza inside a box sitting on a table. 
9: A man taking a picture in a side car mirror with his cell phone.
9: A cat is lying next to a shoe
9: There is an old clock on top of a bell tower
9: A bowl is filled with meat and different types of vegetables.
9: Two birds standing on rocks that are in the water. 
9: Some very big furry brown bears wrestling together.
9: A couple of young kids standing outside of a school bus.
9: A cat looking at its reflection in the mirror
9: A man and a lady having fun with a cell phone.
9: A pair of boots sitting on a wooden bench in a field.
9: Outside photo of parked cars with a blackbird sitting on a parking meter.
9: a small sink in the bathroom with soap and other things
9: A person that is putting fire on a cake.
9: a bunch of motorcycles are parked outside together
9: A boat with lots of seating is under a bridge with a group of people.
9: A dog jumping up into the air to catch a frisbee.
9: a giraffe standing next to some trees on a savanah
9: Sheep grazing in a green meadow beside a lake.
9: This is a tower with a clock on the top of it
9: A lot of people that are in the back of a truck.
9: A male tennis player looks at his tennis racket.
9: A toilet that has been covered in filth.
9: a small orange sign in the middle of a street
9: Two bacon wrapped hot dogs are served on a plate.
9: a horse eating grass in a field behind a fence
9: A wooden swing hangs above plush, green, grass.
9: An Asian child looking at cake with a candle on it, surrounded by other people. 
9: The great London bridge by the river Thames
9: A close up of a grilled cheese sandwich with a cup in the background. 
9: Three zebras are walking on the grassin front of a hill.
9: The town has decorated the streets for the holiday.
9: A woman lies in bed reading a book, and petting a cat.
9: There are some modern furnishings in an apartment
9: a couple of people eating some doughnuts on a table 
9: The bathroom is clean and ready to be used.
9: a cute kitty cat in the sink of a bathroom near a brush and other items
9: Man on white horse riding by a bus with another man looking out smiling.
9: A white and blue train pulling into the train station
9: Five wine glasses with various types of wine lined up in a row.
9: A female flies a colorful kite, her back to the camera.
9: A young girl eating some sort of sandwich.
9: A bride and groom cut a piece of white wedding cake.
9: A man getting ready to board the trolley car.
9: The bathroom is a washing machine in it
9: A bunch of green bananas are in a large pile.
9: A orange train car sitting on the side of a street.
9: The dog watches the bunny eat the carrot. 
9: Three young men at a table eating breakfast at a restaurant.
9: a modern day bathroom set up with wooden sink 
9: A cat sitting on a yellow chair with a decorative pillow.

9: A blue clock in a public area on a brick wall. 
9: a close up of a dog laying on the ground next to a fake doughnut
9: a group of people lined up  in the snow standing on some skis
9: A woman sitting on a couch next to a bathroom sink.
9: Heavily topped cut up pizza sitting on a peel.
9: Two plates of pastries and two mugs of tea sitting on a table.
9: A dog and cat laying beside each other in the grass. 
9: Two surfboards are standing on a wooden rack.
9: Michael Jackson hat and glove to celebrate a birthday.
9: A small child standing next to a large wooden surfboard.
9: A computer desk with several pieces of computer equipment.
9: Two zebras are running against a blue background.
9: A mini office waiting for a human being to work properly.
9: a small metal toy lift truck that has a man operating it
9: A man laying on top of a woman and she is grabbing his tie
9: Redheaded man looking at transparent scissors near waterfront.
9: The man is using a tool in the ground as a horse stands behind him.
9: A person rides a bicycle with a young person on the back. 
9: This is a large group of business professionals getting lunch.
9: A stuffed peanut toy sitting inside an oven.
9: A passenger train moving along elevated tracks with cars below.
9: Two home made pizzas that the lady in yellow is smiling over.
9: A man reclines on a couch while watching TV.
9: a cup of coffee next to a donut on a table 
9: An arm with a wrist tattoo holds a bunch of bananas.
9: Several airplanes near each other fly through the sky
9: A store front in the early twentieth century.
9: A lone coffee cup sits on an empty park bench
9: Closeup of a black pan full of broccoli and spices.
9: Men standing around a sitting woman writing on table
9: Tennis enthusiast is awaiting serve on the dirt court.
9: Young couple smiling and standing in front of a baggage claim sign at the airport.
9: Two toddlers eating at a child's table with a dog watching them.
9: a female with a beanie hat brushing her teeth.
9: A couple walking in the rain while sharing an umbrella.
9: A warning sign showing a moving arm that lifts and lowers.
9: A black cat sitting on a wooden desk.
9: Two men standing with remotes in a rooms
9: A couple of horses in what appears to be a circus.
9: A very big brick fire place in a living room.
9: A man holding a donut taken from a plate of donuts.
9: A bunch of zebras eating a plant hanging from a tree
9: A human converses with Marvin the Paranoid Laptop.
9: Cross-roads sign attached to top of Stop sign
9: An airplane flying high in the sky on a partly cloudy day.
9: A train station clock tower with flags flying above it.
9: The skier jumps in the air coming down the snowy mountain slope.
9: Piano in living room area of residential home.
9: a man with gaunt features sits on a bench as if waiting for a bus
9: A young man skateboarding along the side of a concrete skate bowl. 
9: A view of a toilet with a sewage plunger sitting next to it.
9: A large industrial building with a smoke stack as seen through a chain link fence.
9: A person walking in the snow with skis on their back.
9: Two little boys wearing baseball mits  .
9: A skateboarder prepares to grind a concrete barrier.
9: A bathroom with a desk and a small sink
9: A turn off exit off of the interstate
9: the building is big and has a clock on it 
9: A well-trod expanse of sand, featuring a smiling man with a large blue surf board alongside a tall sign. and in the background, sea and sky that almost blends together. 
9: A busy street with traffic moving in both directions and several two level buses on the street with people around.
9: two cival war reinactment soldiers riding on horses  
9: It's a rainy day on the street and people are using umbrellas.
9: Several glass beer bottles under a park bench.
9: Several horses with riders crossing a body of water.
9: a man on a giant bicycle rides by a tall pole in front of an empty, large field in front of some mountains
9: Two elephants following an individual on a dirt path
9: A man is going down a wooden sidewalk on a skateboard.
9: A man is cutting a sub sandwiches while a lady put a vegetable in the bag.
9: A computer desk with CRT monitors and an Apple laptop.
9: a woman opening up a travel map 
9: A car parked in a lot near a tree.
9: a young boy at a baseball game smiling while facing the crowd

9: an empty parking next to a stone wall 
9: A plate of corn, broccoli, and some beef with a fork. 
9: A couple of people are riding a motorcycle
9: Man moves along snow on skis  while another pushes a cart
9: A young boy is enjoy the water on his raft. 
9: a person carrying a surf board on their back
9: A man flying a large red kite in a park.
9: Pink flowers sitting in a blue vase on a wooden table
9: A woman is talking on her cell phone with red horns on her head.
9: a stop sign with the red color looking all cracked 
9: Chinese subway signs and directional map signs on a street.
9: Many audience members are at the tennis game.
9: A brown dog looking at a cat through a window.
9: People are lining up to board a bus.
9: a bunch of people with a bunch of bags
9: A white toilet and tissue in a room.
9: An animal lying on a chair by a lamp.
9: A room is filled with fancy furniture including a large amazon "a".
9: A giraffe is standing near a rock with green bushes in the background.
9: A Giraffe standing on grass looking in the direction of trees. 
9: a yellow truck on the field being parked
9: A bike is painted like the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.
9: A white bowl filled with a salad on top of a plate.
9: A snowboarder is jumping off of a ramp made of snow.
9: a man taking a picture of a narrow walkway
9: A couple of black cats sitting in a window sill looking out a window.
9: A group of people standing outside of a double decker bus.
9: Two computers, with screens on, sit on a table next to speakers.
9: A sandwich and french fries are on a plate.
9: a smiling man standing in front of a microphone stand 
9: Two people are wearing suits with clouds painted on them underneath lighted umbrellas. 
9: The church is up on the hill in the country. 
9: The two people on the ski lift are kissing. 
9: a number of people at a table with plates of food 
9: A cat that is laying down on a bag.
9: a big star kite that is in the sky
9: A stuffed pizza has some slices taken out.
9: The meters are sitting side by side on the street.
9: A couple of boats that are sitting in the water.
9: A plane flying over a street with buses parked along it.
9: People waiting for the bus to stop so they can board.
9: a kitchen with a lot of white cupboards and a wood floor 
9: A soccer player practices handling a soccer ball.
9: A line of cars is backed up next to a train track.
9: a elephant with tusks walking through the brush
9: Several people making strokes on a steep ski track.
9: A young person with long hair has fallen asleep with a remote.
9: A person is riding a motorcycle around a corner.
9: two ponies and a calf enjoying the weather
9: red paint lines the walls behind an apple with a knife in it to give the illusion of blood
9: A large crowd are in the stands watching a tennis match.
9: this is a man riding a board in the water
9: A bathroom renovation in progress awaiting tile installation
9: A man and a woman hold hand in the grass.
9: Many posters are placed on the pole across the street from houses.
9: A Tv that is in a very nice room.
9: A cow standing outside of a fenced in area
9: A view out of a car of a person on horseback herding sheep.
9: Two people in a canoe, one is rowing and one is sitting.
9: A variety of fruits is shown in a market.
9: a small dog is sitting next to a persons feet
9: A view of a bunch of food in a deli setting.
9: Skiers working their way up a hilly area
9: A person on a mobile phone with a clock in the background.
9: A boy is doing a trick on his skateboard on the street.
9: Woman standing on the beach with a large sailboat behind her. 
9: A line of many motorcycles driving down the road.
9: People walking on the sidewalk of a city with a tour bus in the background.
9: Giraffes on dry rocky hillside near palm trees.
9: Dog wearing blue vest catching red flying disc at outdoor event.
9: A skier is about to fall into the water
9: A large mirror sitting above a sink in a bathroom.
9: a small lamb is walking around in a field
9: A bathroom with green painted walls and toiletries displayed.
9: A baby dressed in pink lying on a down comforter.
9: a baseball player reaching for a baseball in the outfield
9: A crowd of people standing below a tall brick building.
9: A lunch tray with separated segments for pizza, pretzels, pickles, and other fruit.
9: A collage of photos of a baby playing with her toys,
9: many backpacks and luggage bags piled up on top of each other
9: Horses, and riders pursue the ball in a polo game on a beach.
9: A sign advertising an Open Cafe outside. 
9: a group of people that are next to some bags
9: The imaginative elephant has a really long trunk slide.
9: A baseball game in progress with the pitcher up to plate.
9: Three boats on a lake on a fall day.
9: a bundle of bananas sit next to some apples 
9: A person with a black, grey and green striped tie on.
9: THERE ARE ROCKS ON THE BENCH OUTSIDE ON IT 
9: A large commercial plane flying overhead in a cloud filled sky
9: A bride and groom are cutting a wedding cake
9: A man in a leopard robe stands next to a bed
9: A white and brown horse tied to a post
9: A person jumps in the air and catches a Frisbee at the beach.
9: A giraffe bending his neck over a tall metal fence.
9: Two stainless steel refrigerators standing side by side.
9: Two pepperoni pizzas cooling on the stove top
9: A cow laying in hay in a stall.
9: A bathroom that shows a shower area, toilet, and sink.
9: A cat that is sitting on a couch.
9: A green dump truck sitting next to a yellow tractor.
9: A group of men playing a game with remote controllers.
9: A bathroom toilet, wood drawers and shower stall.
9: Black and white picture of several children on a sidewalk sharing an umbrella.
9: A man standing next to a skateboard on a sidewalk.
9: Two dogs running and playing in the sun.
9: A tray of small pies in cruets on a tray in an oven. 
9: The suitcase is on the floor with it's contents around it.
9: A two-story bus is next to a sidewalk in a public area.
9: A city street at night lined with street lights.
9: a finger pointing at some green fruit with brown spots
9: Two men posing for a picture in a tennis game in a funny way.
9: Snow skiiers sitting down beside a rock wall.
9: A cat standing inside a refrigerator looking at something.
9: a kid with very warm clothes pulling a rope
9: An elephant standing on the side of a road near trees.
9: Kite flying, Washington DC with Smithsonian and Washington Monument in background.
9: A kite flies over a small group of people by the water.
9: Graffiti art work painted on the side of train.
9: A man standing in front of a brick oven while a woman prepares dough.
9: A cat is sitting next to a pumpkin and other vegetables.
9: a vase sits next to a toy and a pine cone 
9: Many different people parked on motor bikes on a street.
9: A long table covered and used as a desk
9: A multi-colored train is next to several empty tracks.
9: Three cows in a pen staring at the camera.
9: Desk with computer and laptop in the corner of a room.
9: Some people gathered on a platform near a big red train.
9: Two giraffe standing in a green grass covered field.
9: A man smiling as he sits in a restaurant.
9: A view of a street and a stop sign that is covered with stickers. 
9: A speed limit sign sits on a sidewalk of a residential block.
9: Three people sit outside a door to a house. 
9: A young man is skating on the ramp.
9: A white boat sailing down a river while people in the background walk down a sidewalk.
9: A close-up of a bird on the edge of a roof.
9: The dog is sleeping on the couch that is covered in a striped blanket.
9: Laptop on a messy desk in a messy office.
9: A batter waits at home plate to swing the bat.
9: the family of elephants stopped to drink at a watering hole.
9: An adolescent boy in a red hat doing tricks on a skateboard.
9: One elephant with its front feet on the back of another elephant.
9: Many skiers on a slope high up on a mountain
9: A woman waiting for a train with her luggage beside her.
9: Distressed woman answers phone in front of sign post
9: People walking by a clock on the street.
9: a person is skate skiing and some plants and trees
9: an elephant using his trunk to move a log
9: Four giraffes standing in the sand and facing left.
9: Green banana's on banana tree surrounded by other trees.
9: A street with two busses and people walking.
9: Light blue door with windows next to a dilapidated building
9: A teddy bear and a stuffed fish set next to each other.
9: a few animals that are eating some grass
9: A black cat laying on the floor under an umbrella.
9: A motorcycle parked in front of green doors. 
9: Three men prepare an outdoor feast while a woman pours wine.
9: little blonde girl holding a baby carrot above a paper plate with more carrots and next to a plate full of cut vegetables
9: Bunches of ripe bananas hanging from ropes in a room.
9: Some birds are on a car and looking in it's mirror.
9: an elephan standing around next to some people 
9: A human and cat using a laptop computer.
9: A hot dog and fries served in a cardboard vintage car replica. 
9: Picture of bike resting against a bar with storm clouds in sky
9: A clean motorcycle is parked along a street curb.
9: A group of young women playing a game of soccer.
9: A man carrying a surfboard near the ocean 
9: A man sitting in a park surrounded by birds.
9: A blender sitting on top of a wooden table.
9: Two calves standing in a pen on a farm
9: A man who is standing next to his bicycle.
9: A green street sign with a banner hanging off of it's side.
9: A child is talking to a man at a baseball game.
9: A green gate that has a sign in front of it.
9: Woman surfer awaiting next wave on a cloudy day.
9: a man holding a baseball b at on the ball field
9: The large room has wooden counters with chairs behind them on both sides.
9: A person on a motorcycle wearing a helmet.
9: Garden display with green vases set up inside a building. 
9: Some Cows stand around some tall grass and trees on a sunny day. 
9: A person sitting on the concrete looking at a skateboard
9: This is a baseball player getting ready to run and a stadium with half the seats full.
9: A plate of cooked vegetables and some adult beverages.
9: A yellow red umbrella in a crowd of people.
9: A pretty dog is laying in wet sand.
9: Motorcyclis in red white and blue clothing with matching colored motorcycle.
9: A lime wedge with an umbrella holding toy alien on it.
9: A sheep standing near a table and chair decorated with flowers.
9: A man filming a person skateboarding on a wall.
9: THERE IS A POLAR BEAR THAT IS LOOKING AT SOMETHING 

9: Bananas hang unripe from a tall tree in the amazon 
9: A 70s themed living room displays an old tv.
9: A close shot of a chili-dog with mustard on a blue paper. 
9: A group of people are riding horses on a beach.
9: This photo has altered colors that makes the grass look purple.
9: A steam train at a park being watch by two kids. 
9: A man holding a tennis racket and ball walking in the street.
9: A plane that is sitting on a tarmac.
9: A woman hitting a tennis ball with a racquet on a court.
9: A messy plate of food, including a burger, various pastas, and salad.
9: a white and black horse looking out a window
9: A man does work in parking lot with a fire hydrant.  
9: A man holding a pizza with a hot pad.
9: a group of people stand under neath a tent on a beach
9: Two men playing frisbee golf in a front yard.
9: A woman, mostly in shadow, sitting by a laptop
9: a tennis player swinging a racket at a ball
9: a public transit bus on a city street
9: A double decker bus with passengers drives down the street.
9: A man playing soccer on a soccer field
9: A plane that is flying in the air.
9: a woman is tossing frisbees for her two dogs
9: a group of friends are all drinking together
9: A teddy bear on a dirty table with a lamp on it.
9: A young boy holds an umbrella for a girl.
9: A traffic sign and a hydrant in the middle of a city.
9: An adorable pug dog standing next to a teddy bear.
9: The tennis player is returning a very strong serve.
9: Person texting on a cell phone with a keyboard. 
9: Two cats lying on desk facing camera with a keyboard in foreground.
9: A cake with Japanese writing with forks about to dig in.
9: A woman in a blue shirt holds a knife to a cake.
9: A person on a skateboard on a ramp.
9: Altered STOP sign with street signs attached to it. 
9: Dude ecstatic sitting by himself at a table full of food.
9: He is ready to block the flight of that Frisbee.
9: A man riding a snowboard on a snow covered slope.
9: A person skating on a skateboard while others are also skating in the background.
9: an  image of a woman carrying an umbrella
9: Young man on skateboard cresting the top of the bowl.
9: A three level hanging fruit basket filled with fruit.
9: A champagne colored bus on road next to a building.
9: a father and his two daughters which are holding stuffed animals
9: A tennis player that is running to get the tennis ball. 
9: A crowded beach with birds landing and flying
9: Two cats are laying on a wooded  dock. 
9: Two elephants in an indoor elephant enclosure standing next to cement wall with closed doors.
9: a bathroom with a sink a mirror and a towel holder
9: Two bed-like structures in some room and one of them with a blanket on top.
9: A couple of bottles of booze sitting inside of a refrigerator.
9: A bench sitting on a grassy area near a pond.
9: A bunch of cattle relax in a pasture located in the mountains
9: the kitchen has a stove and sink with pots and pans
9: A cooked pizza that has some slices missing.
9: A street sign stating no parking and tow away zone.
9: A women is playing stick ball between counters.
9: Part of a computer screen in front of a laptop.
9: A mini horse figurine sitting on the sidewalk facing the street.
9: A panoramic photo of zebras in their natural environment
9: Why does everyone want to go to the refrigerator at the same time?
9: a stop sign next to some railroad tracks in the woods
9: Several elephants are lined up at a metal fence.
9: Small elephant being excited over woman in front of him.
9: Laptop computer with wireless keyboard and mouse on table.
9: A girl is sitting at a kitchen table holding an orange.
9: The interior of a kitchen and dining room.
9: Table set with different types of desert on it. 
9: You don't find many cake shops any more.
9: People laughing and playing a game with a plate of food on the floor.
9: A woman stands on top of some old suitcases.
9: A man with a red shirt wearing a white helmet riding past a white truck on his bike. 
9: A group of white vases sitting behind a glass window.
9: A sandwich on a dining plate which features sprouts, carrots, and lettuce.
9: A very dirty bathroom with four not operating urinals on the wall and blue tile walls.
9: A dirty dish on a table at a restaurant.
9: A dog leaping in the air to grab a frisbee from its owner on a snowy day.
9: A large crowd of people are gathered in an office lobby.
9: A cow leans over the fence to visit the camera.
9: A train car is parked at the train station.
9: A woman sits on a bench facing the water.
9: A child laying down on a bed in a room.
9: man in a black and purple robe with a tie
9: A zebra standing next to large rocks in a fenced enclosure.
9: Small birds walking on the grass next to the body of water. 
9: A large basket of food on a table.
9: Three hotdogs with ketchup and mustard on the bread
9: A person is wearing an Adidas sweatshirt and has a Samsung smartphone in their pocket.
9: A rural road with trees, road signs of a squiggly arrow and of 55 MPH, and motorcycle parked beside it.
9: A kitchen sink and counter with brown and tan wall tiles.
9: A person on a motorcycle traveling on a street near a group.
9: The hiker with a backpack is sitting on the toilet.
9: A whole uncut pizza on a pizza paddle.
9: a light house in the distance on a hill near water
9: A cream bathroom with red accents and open window.
9: A horse and several cows feed on hay.
9: A pure white parrot with red eyes and a black beak.
9: A black cat is sitting on a purse on a bed.
9: A man laying on a bench and a woman next to him touching his face.
9: A computer atop a glass table near a window.
9: A black and white photo of young boys and girls.
9: A dog finds something to chew on underneath a bench.
9: an elephant in tall grass with trees in the background
9: it is snowing near a staircase and some walls with a light
9: An airplane sitting on the water next to a dock.
9: A map of the town in the middle of the street with buildings in the background. 
9: Small bed with a wooden frame in a small designed room with yellow painted walls.
9: A boy wearing a baseball mitt throws a baseball. 
9: A line of skis is parked outside the lodge, as skiers go in.
9: A street scene with cars, street signs, and many high wires.
9: A group of people using a remote to play a game.
9: A dirty old red toilet next to many wires.
9: a number of chairs with umbrellas by an expanse of water
9: A man in a full body wetsuit and water shoes on a surfboard riding a wave.
9: Flowers in a vase filled with water on top of a table.
9: A person on a surfboard in mid-air with water splashing under him.
9: a little boy standing on a video game platform in a living room and holding video game controllers.
9: Three women walk down a sidewalk near a bike and a parking meter.
9: Several goats and sheep eat from a small trough next to a fence.
9: A van in Europe on a road to go somewhere.
9: A chicken club sandwich on a roll with brocclie, carrots and cauliflower on the side.
9: The man is giving a thumbs up while on his phone.
9: A man in a red sweatshirt stands under a shark shaped kite.
9: a person jumping a snow board in the air
9: A base ball player runs towards home base.
9: The men are trying to play a game of Frisbee on the grassy field in the park. 
9: Cattle in an open field, with a calf nursing.
9: A bed that is next to a desk.
9: Two adult elephants with a baby elephant walking with them.
9: A dog is waiting for a person to throw a frisbee.
9: Dogs love to stick their heads out into the wind when riding in a car.
9: A brown and white cat standing on wooden ledge ned to a building.
9: A white bus has Stotts written on the side.
9: an image of a group of people that are walking on beach
9: Several airplanes are lined up on the runway.
9: A black cat sleeping in  a little black bed
9: A big plate full of assorted types of fruits.
9: Two giraffes stand erect as a third rests in the pasture.
9: A large passenger jet flying through a  blue sky.
9: A green tinted photo with a man jumping in the air on a skateboard.
9: People riding skateboards on a half pipe near each other.
9: A teddy bear is dressed extravagantly and sits in a chair.
9: Dumplings and vegetables in a tray with divided areas.
9: A man with a hat is throwing a frisbee.
9: A person riding a skateboard on the edge of a rim
9: Old cooking implements on wooden shelves in a white room.
9: A small triangle chair with a string seat next to a laptop.
9: Several people at a skit resort posing for a picture while holding their skis.
9: A tall white bird standing on a lake in a swamp.
9: A heard of cows is eating grass by the fence.
9: A group of people on street next to buildings.
9: A person walking through the water, in the middle a lake.
9: Streetlamps glow along a city street beneath a darkened sky.
9: A small bathroom with a tiled back wall 
9: The Eiffel Tower is shown in all of its grandeur.
9: A guy on a skate board high in the air.
9: A sheep is being carried up a hill.
9: A woman walking toward the ocean with her surf board
9: A lady seated on the back of a military truck under a banner holding a sign.
9: A make shift office space in a bedroom.
9: People walk from a bus across a parking lot.
9: a person that is surfing on some water
9: Several plants sitting on the outside of a building.
9: A nicely decorated kitchen with black and white theme.
9: Small white dog with orange booties being walked on pavement.
9: Two guys and one girl displaying a table full of pizza making toppings.
9: here is a clock on the window that has too late written on it 
9: A man looking in the window of a cafe.
9: A computer and a television hooked up to a surge protector. 
9: A plane parked on a road next to a field.
9: some tennis players are standing on a green court
9: some red and green apples are hanging from a tree
9: Two people stand in a living room playing with Wii remotes.
9: A baseball glove holds a large number of balls.
9: View from a distance of a few tall buildings and a clock in a city at night.
9: A dog is stretched out sleeping in a blue arm chair. 
9: three women playing with frisbees outside on the grass
9: A women standing next to a white bull .
9: A bedroom with beige walls and pink decor.
9: A dark colored street car trollet near a wooden telephone pole.
9: Man in a mid tennis swing holding a racket.
9: A group of skiers skiing cross country in the mountains.
9: A fresh-looking salad on a square plate. 
9: A newborn baby lays on a bed next to stuffed animals.
9: A person with a skateboard on a rail.
9: Stairs that have some fading green paint on them.
9: A big full view of several people gathering.

9: A man playing with a guitar in front of teddy bears.
9: A person skis through some trees down a hill
9: A person holding a spoon along with a fork pointing at a chocolate type cake.
9: a small living room with a fireplace, sofa and a window
9: An assortment of kitchen appliances sitting on a street sidewalk.
9: A red and black train on some train tracks.
9: Two people are playing with an appliance in a bathroom.
9: There is a giraffe inside a fenced in enclosure.
9: Clock displayed over entrance of building with white columns.
9: Cows on the street next to people that are on the sidewalk. 
9: a girl taking baked food out of the oven with another girl watching
9: A giraffe grazing on grass under a wooden post. 
9: There are two zebras playing with each other
9: A dining room table full of friends and associates.
9: two females on paddle boards in the water
9: some broccoli on a garden a wood fence and some red flowers
9: A male beside a red bicycle with other bicyclists in the background.
9: a close up of a fire hydrant on a city side walk
9: There are roasted red peppers on the pizza.
9: A large, majestic clock tower reads 5:50 as it stands against a blue sky.
9: A person walks along the seashore flying a kite.
9: A large airport with planes parked at night
9: A closeup of a brush running through a persons hair
9: A sheep that is laying down on some grass.
9: Someone riding a ski lift wearing a snowboard.
9: A handicapped accessible bus moving down a city street.
9: Boats in a river with trees alongside in a rural setting.
9: There is a row of surfboards hanging beside the beach
9: A gray and yellow train drives down the tracks.
9: A person and a dog herd sheep on a grassy field.
9: Three guys in tennis white shorts on a clay tennis court.
9: Two small black rams grazing in the grass.
9: A hand is reaching over a white toilet.
9: A green transit bus travels along a street.
9: Several white geese walking away from the water across a grassy field.
9: A refrigerator with the freezer section door ajar.
9: a couple of pizzas are sat out on a table
9: A traffic sign showing the walking symbol in green highlight
9: There is a man who is eating a sandwich.
9: A pizza is shown on a plate with a serving knife.
9: People looking at crates of fruits and vegetables.  
9: A plate of bananas and a spoon of peanut butter on a table. 
9: Two trucks parked in the grass next to each other .
9: Several children playing softball in a clay field.
9: The backend of a car with a large sticker in the rear window.
9: A large clock hangs on the side of a brick building.
9: There are five elephants near to the water. 
9: 2 traffic lights on green, one in the foreground, one in the background.
9: Two vases filled with flowers and water sitting on a table.
9: A large metal tray of rice and some vegetables.
9: Two women eat chili dogs on a city sidewalk. 
9: Several horse grazing in front of a lighthouse.
9: Several large potted plants near umbrellas in a seating area.
9: A room containing two twin bed pushed close together
9: A girl in floral dress grabbing a cupcake.
9: Snowboard atop of wooden structure next to evergreen plant.
9: Gold ordained walls are coupled with a gold accented clock and vases.
9: a man with eye glasses riding on a snow board
9: A garbage can painted like a soup can next to a fire hydrant.
9: Two people standing on a snow covered ground holding a kite.
9: A cat playing with a stuffed banana on a couch 
9: A black and white picture of a baseball game.
9: The view from a computer screen, overlooking a crowd of people below. 
9: A bunch of well dressed people at a very long table.
9: Two large white polar bears playing in the snow.
9: The girl posing for the photo is sitting at a desk with a laptop. 
9: A woman tennis player is outstretched on the court.
9: A very big whit rest room with a shabby looking shower.
9: Picture of a fridge in a kitchen next to grey items
9: A shop with fruit in a window which has a reflection of vehicles passing by.
9: A woman in a red dress walking through the grass.
9: A group of snowboarders in the snowy conditions
9: a dog lays on a bed staring into a camera 
9: A bus and other cars drive on a road past houses.
9: A surfer lies down on his board as a wave crashes over him.
9: A wooden table with a ripe yellow banana cut up.
9: Park benches with a brown fence in the background and trees overhead.
9: three people riding on the backs of elephants 
9: Seamen inside a navy vessel communicate over the radio.
9: Metal signs on two sides of a building.
9: Zebras grazing on green grass in a zoo enclosure
9: A small kitchen with a sink, refrigerator, counter space and an outside door.
9: Large basket of green broccoli on a table. 
9: A group of zebras that are in the grass.
9: A couple of people on horses on a street.
9: A train is sitting along tracks under and overpass.
9: An ornate clock tower surrounded by many small red flags.
9: A person is holding a sponge near a pair of scissors.
9: A young child drinking from a cup with oranges to eat.
9: Man standing in a yellow room holding some kind of remote 
9: The sandwiches are on the plates on the table.
9: A slice of pizza sitting on top of a white plate.
9: there is a man and a woman playing a video game
9: We are looking at a very small bathroom.
9: A giraffe is standing near some green, leafy trees.
9: a little boy that has a baseball glove in hand
9: This is a man fixing his kite with a woman on his left and a man to his back right.
9: A couple posing next to a palm tree for prom.
9: The waves are high as the man is surfboarding.
9: A man bending his legs on a skateboard at night. 
9: A baseball game is in progress with 4 players and 2 umpires on the field
9: A monk takes a picture of a temple with his phone.
9: A man standing by the ocean with something in his hand.
9: A dog in a basket with a hat on it's head.
9: A giraffe is standing on all fours and reaching it's neck and head up to eat a  plant that is hanging from above.
9: A couple of pizza pans with some slices taken from them.
9: The jets are flying very close to each other in the sky.
9: a white brown and green duck is flying over some water
9: Two zebras stare at the camera in a zoo.
9: A man and his dog at a beach nearby.
9: A view of a baseball game with many players on the field.
9: A snow boarder walks in the gloomy snow in the mountains. 
9: A dessert has raspberries and cranberries and purple flowers on it.
9: A young girl carries and open unbrella while walking down an alley.
9: Man's head shown next to a stop street sign
9: A tray which holds a bowl that contains bread, salad and other food. 
9: A train has graffiti on it and is parked
9: Man and woman posed in front of a ceremonial cake.
9: A little girl wearing a hat with ears sitting on a park bench with large boulders behind it.
9: A man in a white shirt playing tennis.
9: A man and child are flying a kite.
9: A fancy quiche dish with other food on a restaurant table.
9: a kitchen with a pot of soup on the stove
9: A cookie sheet full of cut broccoli spears.
9: The kite is flying  high in the air 
9: Two zebras run over a snowy ground. 
9: A group of sheep in a big field.
9: Zebra congregation grazing and looking across a plain
9: Yellow and black motorcycle parked with extra bike wheels.
9: A rainbow is in the sky over an empty stretch of road.
9: Table near car with a bicycle along side and a plate with two hot dogs and a coke.
9: Three urinals in a men's public bathroom stall.
9: A sign showing the way to Atlas Road.
9: a big red bus that is driving down the road
9: A cat sitting on haunches next to a wooden door.
9: A dog sits waiting while his owner cuts some meat.  
9: A white sign with red border showing a silhouette of a child running.
9: A man is high in the air performing a skateboard jump underneath a darkened sky.
9: A man backpacking up the side of a mountain slope.
9: A baby kitten is being feed milk from a bottle.
9: The yellow bird is waiting for its mate.
9: a close up of a person with a laptop near a tv
9: a very large aircraft from a long time ago
9: A cow that is out in the lake.
9: An empty street intersection during the night time.
9: A man riding a wave on top of a surfboard.
9: A giraffe eating hanging leaves by a wooden fence.
9: A sign that says "30 mph" and a green sign that says "city of Amsterdam."
9: A man high in the air doing a snow boarding trick.
9: The herd of sheep stand close to a wooden fence.
9: A vehicle near parked vehicles and people standing around. 
9: A man in a park, flies his kite with a long tail.
9: A woman is standing in the kitchen with an eat-in bar.  
9: a black dog wearing a collar and sitting on the floor
9: An old man flying a kite high up in the air.
9: Giraffe in the brush and a man nearby with hand up in air. 
9: Multiple vehicles are parked in a lot with a snowy mountain range in the background.
9: A person standing with a snow board in the right hand.
9: A grey striped cat sitting on top of a black purse.
9: A street sign and fire hydrant sit next to a sidewalk
9: A motorcycle with a sold ribbon on it at a bike show 
9: A serving pot next to several trays of food.
9: He points at the pizza in the pizza box using his middle fingers.
9: Assorted vegetables in a tin foil curled bowl.
9: A giraffe is standing in an animal enclosure.
9: A woman sitting in an airport next to a  bag of luggage.
9: A group of skiers glide along the snow.
9: an image of a bathroom setting with a glass shower
9: People getting on and off a passenger train at a station.
9: Two police officers direct traffic at a busy intersection.
9: A plain white bathroom with a sink, shower, and toilet.
9: Two skateboarders are riding on a slanted walkway. 
9: A "No Peddling" sign stands on the side of a road.
9: A fire hydrant in front of graffiti on a brick wall.
9: a bath room with a toilet and a sink 
9: A blurry image of an urban street at dusk. 
9: a couple of girls smile while riding on a bus 
9: The man is walking forward but the road is blocked off.
9: A table has a clock, books, and a lamp on it.
9: A dog standing in a tub of water is sticking his tongue out.
9: A cellphone sitting on top of a bottle next to a laptop.
9: Aerial trick performed by skateboarder wearing green shirt.
9: a close up of a n adult and a child at a table
9: A small child skiing down a gentle slope at a ski resort
9: a cat sitting outside a window looking in 
9: Lighthouse on a point with sailboats near it
9: A cat playing with someones feet as they stand on a chair.
9: A girl holds a helmet while a man sits on a parked motorcycle with a sign in the background.
9: A man and his white dog playing Frisbee on a grassy hill.
9: Blurred photo of motorbike giving impression of movement away from viewer.
9: A red fire hydrant is on the brick sidewalk.
9: A laptop sitting on a table near a black suit case.
9: A living room with couches, chairs, glass doors, pictures and other things.
9: An adult giraffe standing near a white duck in a field of grass.
9: Brown cat and dog sitting on identical furniture.
9: a person standing on a snow covered slope 
9: a brown bear standing in the water and looking at something 
9: Three people enjoying wine and laughing with a person that is not in the image.
9: a bedroom with a bed , side lamp , and mounted television.
9: A man on a laptop at a desk in a contest ad.
9: people on horses running very fast and an ox 
9: Two hot dogs with toppings sitting next to some cut fruit on a white plate.
9: a grill with some hot dogs and meat on it 
9: a wooden bench with some arm rests and a window
9: a person holds their hand on a bed
9: A dog laying on a towel on a bathroom floor. 
9: Two big boxes of donuts and drinks displayed in an office.
9: a person holding a pair of skis on a city street
9: A horse walking down the street with a horse drawn carriage.
9: A man wearing a helmet on a motorcycle drives behind a green station wagon.
9: A waterway under a bridge with people sitting down and a woman taking a photo.
9: Children are sitting at the wooden table together
9: A vase has greenery and flowers in it.
9: A classical building interior full of people in passing on a rainy day.
9: Collage of men without shirts flying kites on the brach
9: Two little boys are playing baseball in a park. 
9: a lady holding a vase for her flowers.
9: a kid that is skateboarding on some wood blocks
9: A meat sandwich and a beverage is sitting on a table. 
9: A man dressed in warm clothes skateboarding in a public area.
9: A black dog in a yard jumps up toward a yellow Frisbee.
9: a man dressed in a black gown skating on the street
9: A couple of men fishing from a beach by a dog.
9: A man with facial hair and no shirt looking sideways.
9: Peculiar street sign showing intersection of 23 3/4 St and 8th Ave/CTH D.
9: A white donut with a jumping rope to work it off.
9: A bench with a view of the mountains.
9: a plate with a half eaten cake on it 
9: a dog tethered to a wooden bench with a leash
9: A woman is spreading frosting on top of the cake
9: A slice of pizza sitting on top of a tray near the ocean.
9: A ski slope with lots of people on it.
9: A  photo of a small kid taking a hotdog 
9: The roofs of many buildings can be seen in the city. 
9: Several umbrella's and chairs sitting on a beach.
9: a man is sitting at a table with a wine glass
9: A hot dog with a large pickle in someone's hand with a background of city buildings. 
9: A giraffe walks down a road past a couple of cars.
9: A bathroom with a toilet, sink, mirror, tub and window.
9: Horses are grazing on grass in a field.
9: A green truck with a bunch of junk in the back with people sitting on top.
9: Long train on one of several tracks near a train station.
9: Two yellow and black suit cases with wheels and large logos on the sides.
9: A cat sits in front of a TV and watches.
9: A sidewalk with two parking meters in front of a planter.
9: A little child sitting at a desk using a computer.
9: A poster of an angry tennis player adorns a graffiti-ridden wall.
9: A horse is grazing on a small shrub.
9: A light blue bus traveling down a street next to tall buildings.
9: A snowboarder does a trick while jumping through the air.
9: an overview image of a boat dock by mountains
9: A man standing next to a woman in a gray dress.
9: A grouping of zebras standing together while eating from a tub.
9: A bed covered in blankets and pillows next to a window.
9: To keep up with the action, the media people need to be as fast as the players.
9: The people walk pass the truck with the advertisement.
9: A very narrow antiseptic looking bathroom with no color.
9: A man on a skateboard who is pushing a stroller.
9: The snow skier is racing down the snowy mountain.
9: A picture of a couple plates of someone's lunch sitting on a table.
9: A woman holding a cake with candles in it, as a man blows them out.
9: A sandwich and iced beverage lunch at Starbucks
9: The torso of a man whose hands are grabbing a suit jacket pulling it away from his tie.
9: A baseball player swinging at a baseball while the catcher is behind him with hand extended to catch the ball.
9: a variety of different vegetables and some strawberries
9: A large bear taking a swim in a river. 
9: a couple of men ride on elephants across a body of water 
9: A bunch of oranges with the tops peeled from them
9: THERE IS A GAME A BASKETBALL GAME GOING ON
9: its raining so all the people are carrying umbrellas
9: Woman with no shoes standing in a crowded park.
9: A bathroom with several towels and a pink wastebasket. 
9: The femqle tennis player is serving the ball.
9: The woman is playing tennis on the court. 
9: Players at center court with camera man during tennis match.
9: This little girl is sitting in a seat and eating her favorite dessert.
9: A man standing by a bench in the street outside of some buildings.
9: Plaid staircase and floor with wooden railings and embroidery.
9: this is a small baby and a bear on a bed
9: THERE ARE PEOPLE SHOPPING AT THE STAND ON THE STREET
9: A multi-colored bird sits on a tree branch.
9: man walking along side train tracks with a yellow, black train on the other track
9: a person riding a skate board on a ledge
9: A group of people sit on the back of a vehicle.
9: Sheep are laying down together in the snow.
9: A tennis player at a game, going for a hit.
9: Pizza with two slices taken out of it. 
9: There are people standing in the snow on skis.
9: A man kneels petting two large adult dogs.
9: A horse and a dog stand in a meadow.
9: The man and the woman are playing tennis.
9: Two people on a lawn near chairs while flying a kite.
9: A man walking besides cows down a road. 
9: Stack of suitcases and traveling bears shown stacked on top of each other.
9: Two small ducks swimming side by side through a pond.
9: A bus stopped in front of a building.
9: A woman putting a pizza into the oven.
9: A FOUNTAIN IN A ROUNDABOUT WITH PEOPLE PASSING BY
9: a woman at a parkign meter pays her bil
9: Four smiling people are sitting around a dining table.
9: Atribe of people ride some elephants out side
9: A yellow fire hydrant sitting next to red post.
9: a person standing next to a green and black train
9: A pizza that is sitting on a wooden platter.
9: There is a clock inside of a curvy blue sculpture.
9: some males are playing frisbee and some trees
9: two people sitting on a bench with a boat in the background
9: Two lane highway and stop sign in a rural area.
9: The person is cutting the pizza on the counter.
9: The men are trying to ride the zebras by the buildings,
9: skiers riding on a ski lift to the top of a mountain
9: A red hydrant on a snowy sidewalk in front of a brick building.
9: There is a street sign near a tall building.
9: A blue surfboard in front of a wheelbarrow and clothesline
9: The traffic light turned green for a car to go
9: A kitchen has an island in the center.
9: A juicer has a glass and an orange on top.
9: a man sitting in a chair while eating a burrito.
9: A woman with black shoes is on a suitcase.
9: A small hand reaching toward the camera through some white bars
9: A lone motorcycle parked along side a ridge top with the sun coming up behind it.
9: A mother and daughter blowing out candles on a sheet cake.
9: A man cutting a piece of plastic with scissors.
9: a typical bathroom that looks very cramped and crowded
9: A baseball player swings his bat behind him.
9: Someone lifting a slice of deep dish pizza.
9: A black and white photo of a woman sitting on a bench.
9: A table filled with ethnic foods and a couple cell phones.
9: there is a woman posing on skies at the top of a hill
9: A person with a blue, red, and green plaid umbrella
9: Tourists with umbrellas visit a temple in Taiwan.
9: A book containing a picture spanning two pages of a motorcycle rider.
9: THERE ARE PEOPLE WALKING IN THE STREET 
9: A white glass vase with several pink flowers.
9: Two elephants are walking through the grass together
9: A young man stands on a skateboard on a sidewalk. 
9: THERE IS A LIVING ROOM WITH CHAIRS AND TABLES AND A MIRROR ON IT 
9: A PC with a large flat screen on a desk in a yellow room.
9: The back side of a car that is stopped at a red light.
9: A row of pizzas in boxes on a table.
9: A man eagerly stuffing a cheesy hot dog into his mouth
9: A large clock in the middle of a sidewalk next to a light.
9: A bathroom that has a large window in it.
9: Two bicycles are on the front of a bus.
9: Batter took a swing at the ball during the baseball game
9: A tall white bird next to a treat bearing fruit.
9: A police officer wearing a hat standing in front of people.
9: A small baby elephant walking with other larger elephants
9: A man in a restaurant makes the V sign with both hands.
9: A yellow and blue train stranded near an abandoned building.
9: a young boy trying to catch a baseball
9: A street with a police officer riding a horse in front of storefronts and pedestrians on the street.
9: A table with a wide variety of donuts sitting on it.
9: The chocolate brownie is the most desirable thing to eat. 
9: A person skateboarding in the street with some people looking on.
9: some douchey kid in vest who is about to fail at kite flying.
9: A bird pecking at apples lying on the ground.
9: A row of attached buildings situated by a river.
9: Baseball player standing at home plate waiting on the pitch. 
9: A bunch of zebras out in the wild.
9: two twin beds side by side inside a room
9: A cup of cappuccino sitting next to a bread stick.
9: Two top halve of two giraffes walking in trees.
9: A glowing rabbit toy sitting among stuffed bears and other stuffed animals.
9: A stone building that has a clock on the top.
9: Two tennis players are walking by the tennis net. 
9: A painted man is seen using a laptop computer.
9: Two couples are surfing on the same surfboard while one man surfs alone on his surfboard.
9: A young girl is typing on a cell phone.
9: A pizza with pepperoni, cheese, and lightly burnt crust.
9: He jumps up in the air to meet the tennis ball.
9: The rider does a trick on the skateboard.
9: A cat lounges on a fluffy duvet on a bed.
9: a close up of two keyboards and two computer mice
9: A man in a bodysuit rides a wave on his surfboard.
9: A automobile with multiple bicycles on a roof rack. 
9: a train car that looks like a school bus on rails
9: A close-up of someone shelling a shrimp with scissors.
9: A colorfully dressed person and a dog standing next to several bicycles and a scooter.
9: A skier leaning to the side on a snowy hill.
9: A woman stands indoors next to a snowboard while holding a bag. 
9: A curbside parklet with tables, potted plants, and umbrellas.
9: A pay phone is sitting at the corner of an empty street.
9: Chefs in uniform prepare food in a commercial kitchen
9: An elephant with various blankets and a seat on its back.
9: a bus parked on the side of the road with the driver talking on a cell phone 
9: kids on a tennis court playing a tennis games 
9: two women getting some food on a table 
9: A kitchen with a stove and refrigerator. 
9: a close up of a person holding a cell phone with a banana case
9: Several zebras laying down in a rocky field.
9: A large clock is hanging in a bookstore.
9: A bathroom with brown cabinets and a mirror.
9: A man in top hat and bow tie talking on a cellphone.
9: a man with no shirt poses with a tooth brush
9: a man at the beach who is parasailing
9: Over head picture in an airport baggage claim area.
9: a man sitting in a room with a food on a table
9: There is two vases and one bowl on display on the table. 
9: A truck with it's door open parked at the waters edge.
9: The dining room and kitchen are close together. 
9: A sign that says "South" and another sign that says "One way" on the side of the road. 
9: A tray of broccoli pizza with two slices pulled from it
9: Feet with a snowboard attached and people walking in the background.
9: A couple is bundled up while on a ski slope.
9: Some police officers on some very pretty horses by some buildings.
9: A bunch of dogs running around in a field 
9: a person holding a baseball bat and wearing a baseball helmet and uniform.
9: A table is full of donuts, coffee, and laptops.
9: The white toilet is sitting in the corner of the bathroom.
9: People walking through a lobby filled with large white pillars.
9: a lazy cat lies on a gray couch
9: A bird sitting on the slope of a roof.
9: A man riding his bicycle down a street in the city. 
9: A woman that is sitting outside on a bench in the snow.
9: A woman is skiing down a snowy hill.
9: A young girl is enjoying her plate of spaghetti. 
9: a table with a bunch of vases on top of it
9: A group of people on the steep slope of a mountain
9: A person hands putting toothpaste on a toothbrush getting ready to brush their teeth.
9: A group of people standing next to a traffic signal.
9: A small child standing up in a room with a remote control in one hand and the other hand reaching out.
9: A group of people playing frisbee in a field
9: Black and white picture of a train approaching a signal.
9: A young man riding a skateboard down a sidewalk.
9: A woman in jeans stands near cows standing beside a fence.
9: A young boy sitting on a wooden chair with a teddy bear.
9: A baseball player in action up at bat in a game.
9: A fish and some broccoli in a glass tank.
9: There is a male surfer riding a wave while the sun goes down
9: this is a man sitting on a green couch
9: A giraffe is resting in its habitat in the zoo.
9: a guy that is skiing down some kind of snowy slope 
9: People on a beach holding surfboards or sitting in the sand.
9: A clock tower sitting on top of a building.
9: A public toilet with a lid with buttons
9: An old plane sitting on the grass beside the runway.
9: A table with two drinks and two desserts
9: there is a male tennis player that is at base
9: Several giraffes are grazing and hanging out together.
9: A person in the snow on some skis.
9: an airplane parked in the dark on a runway
9: An old woman is having a yard sale full of teddy bears. 
9: A picture of various stainless steal appliances that include a drink dispenser and microwave.
9: A cat is sitting on a wooden surface behind a vase of flowers.
9: Person holding up a small bite of pizza in front of a glass cup. 
9: a man falls off his skateboard in a skate park.
9: A sign on a street says to reduce speed on motorcycles.
9: A young man takes a bow while holding onto the frisbee in the middle of empty field.
9: A person is batting at a baseball game as the catcher and a man observes
9: A group of people standing in front of a building.
9: some people are standing around in a room
9: A tree on a stone street has an orange on it.
9: a small cat is sitting on a table outside with a dog
9: A man is watching a train come towards him on the tracks.
9: Three snow boards behind trophies in a window.
9: Two men in uniform on two black horses on a street. 
9: A cat sitting on a bench with a bike behind it.
9: Several rows of stacked apples sit in a market.
9: A bathroom that has a tile floor and two sinks.
9: A plate with chicken wings, asparagus and other vegetables.
9: Three elderly women talking to each other while holding umbrellas in a parking lot. 
9: A tennis player with a racket and ball in the court
9: These wake boarders are watching the waves from the shore
9: a man sitting at a table while eating a hot dog 
9: A young boy is using a video game remote controller.
9: Two old trains on a train track heading in opposite directions.
9: A cat feeding on a banana with a person feeding it to it.
9: The man is showing a box of different donuts.
9: Black and white Toyota truck with two dogs on back.
9: A group of cows walking down the middle of a street.
9: A man standing next to a surfboard on the sand.
9: A picture of a person in the beach.
9: a wooden table with trays of food on top of it
9: A truck with a dumpster is parked near some trees 
9: A group of people let skiing in a lake.
9: a cart filled with suitcases and bags 
9: a chinese street with a mcdonalds in the back drop
9: Young man tying his tie while his family watches
9: A sewing machine and dress shirts are being displayed inside a window. 
9: A teddy bear's arm laying next to a teddy bear. 
9: A little girl flying a white kite on a green field.
9: commerical bathroom sinks,sensor toilet and two rolls of toilet paper
9: A person is standing inside a purple tent.
9: A nice neighborhood in the country of Belgium.
9: A bride and groom sitting at a table with food.
9: This is a collection of different kinds of hot dogs and french fries.
9: A white toilet is on display with a blue seat.
9: A black bear sitting high up in a tree.
9: A man in a baseball uniform winding up to throw the ball.
9: A bunch of people that are standing near a building.
9: people skiing though snow on a trail through trees
9: There are two tall giraffes and one eats on a tree
9: The players are waiting for the next period to begin.
9: A large bag with several colored Frisbee inside.
9: The computer on the desk was left on in the room.
9: A ship far from shore with sea birds beside it
9: A maroon tie with a red skull and crossbones pattern.
9: A woman with a microphone standing in front of a cow.
9: A hybrid bus bound for the village of Voorschoten in the Netherlands.
9: Bus stopped at the side of the road.
9: A lunch plate with fried chicken, beans, rice, broccoli, carrots and cornbread.
9: Chop sticks sit on a plate with steamed vegetables and rice.
9: A man, a dog and a woman in a wheelchair are on the beach.
9: A bunch of zebras that are standing in the dirt.
9: A man riding a water board holding a rope creating a wave.
9: An overhead view of a man about to serve a tennis ball at a tennis court.
9: The front of a car parked at a house
9: A horse makes its way out of the stable.
9: A large open room has a small bed and a bicycle.
9: Taxis get jammed up on the busy street 
9: A bench with a couple of skateboard sparked underneath it.
9: The girl is wearing a girl scout uniform and firing a tiny cannon between the fenceposts.
9: A few people are walking on an Asian street filled with markets.
9: two young children holding tennis rackets and a ball
9: Bicycle riding is a good way to get around town.
9: A young couple sitting with an umbrella looking down at a cell phone
9: A kitchen with red cabinets and blinds on the window.
9: A yellow and white boat parked in a harbor
9: Two birds sit on snow covered branches next to small, green fruits.
9: One small cake is next to a bigger one designed like a old teddy bear
9: a table that has a bunch of pizzas on it
9: Two zebra are standing near a wooden feeding trough.
9: The team mates are lifting up one of their members.
9: A person laying next to a motor bike on a street.
9: Girl walking towards a woman entering the kitchen.
9: A picture of a man kicking a soccer ball on a field.
9: A plate of food with a fried egg and colorful vegetables.
9: A full view of a suburban city with people. 
9: Vase of various flowers next to a window sill.
9: A serving plate with a pepperoni and bell pepper pizza.
9: A large brick building with a large clock in the middle of it.
9: This is a computer desk holding a desktop and a laptop
9: A display of bathroom fixtures and a copper holding tank
9: A pirate them bedroom with children in the bed is pictured.
9: a living room with two chairs and a tv
9: A man attaching himself to a snow board on top of snow.
9: A bunch of white flowers is in a glass vase.
9: A mens restroom is lined up with urinals.
9: Baby boy at the table eating cake frosting off his hand.
9: A pizza is displayed inside a pizza box.
9: A group of stuffed brown teddy bears sitting next to beer.
9: Bedroom with large tub and sink in corner.
9: The teddy bear was left in the car over night.
9: two tennis players standing near eachother holding rackets
9: A photo of the back of a public transportation bus with anime advertisement.
9: an image of firestone grill cooking pizza in the oven
9: A plane in water with several people standing around.
9: A man is plowig a field with two large horses.
9: A couple of kids are talking in a field.
9: A cheese pizza pie is in the serving dish on the counter.
9: A man brushing his teeth with his tooth brush 
9: A baseball player holding a base on a field.
9: A pair of black bears stand in the grass on the side of the road.
9: A plate with different kinds of meats and some vegetables.
9: A large stone building with a clock on the top.
9: Baseball players swing bats during a baseball game. 
9: Man holding a mobile phone up to see a picture on it.
9: People flying a kite on a sandy beach near a body of water.
9: A small boy cutting out things from paper at a kitchen table.
9: A small refrigerator and microwave in the corner of an office.
9: A man who is leaping in the air to catch a Frisbee.
9: A sign reading "Juice Theory" near a traffic light.
9: An adorable elephant walking through a grass covered forest.
9: A man in grey shirt riding on a skateboard.
9: A large tan structure with a clock on the top.
9: there is a fire hydrant standing on a tall pole
9: A brown and black dog holding a red frisbee in it's mouth.
9: Backpacks line a boardwalk to a beach surrounded by trees.
9: A person in cold weather gear skiing in the snow.
9: a couple of trees that has a umbrella under it
9: A toilet outside covered in snow next to a house. 
9: Pair of adults and teens having silly fun. 
9: Three dogs standing in front of a counter at a shop wearing leashes.
9: The man is walking by the big clock. 
9: These two dogs are playing while another dog is approaching them.
9: This is an open faced sandwich with several components.
9: A small fire hydrant is attached to a pipe.
9: a statue of a lion face attached to a brick wall
9: Cut green broccoli florets in a white serving bowl.
9: A fancy bed with a plain nightstand against a blue wall.
9: An old rusted truck sitting on the side of the road.
9: A smiling child holds a sprinkled doughnut in the back seat of the car.
9: A woman preparing to play tennis at a tennis match.
9: A zebra walking through an arid scrubland area.
9: Guy drags his hand in the ocean as he rides the wave on his surfboard
9: A plate of food with an assortment of food on it.
9: a commercial jet airplane flies through a blue sky
9: A professional baseball player about to take a swing.
9: An ornate clock on a building with tree branches.
9: A yellow umbrella sticking out of a vase near a brick wall.
9: A grey cat sitting next to a pair of shoes
9: A fruit plate sitting on a table next to a tea setting.
9: Two chili dogs in buns with peppers in a cardboard container.
9: A woman on the ocean standing on a board with an oar.
9: A yellow fire hydrant with a black beanie on top.
9: People are standing at a station while holding luggage.
9: a person in a black top riding a horse and some hills and rocks 
9: A train moving on the tracks through a bridge over the road. 
9: A woman and child looking at a horse.
9: There are wontons and broccoli on a plate.
9: a sliced pizza in a box with different topings
9: A skateboarder in mid air after a jump 
9: A red and yellow train engine passing by a building.
9: A Frisbee team on a field being happy.
9: A cat walking on a desk with computer equipment on it.
9: Two boats with long paddles on grassy area by trees.
9: A picture of a very nice bed in a room.
9: A little girl wearing a ladybug raincoat and green rubber boots holding a ladybug umbrella
9: A person in a wet suit carrying a surfboard out of the ocean.
9: Two elephants are roaming in a field of grass.
9: An adult elephant cuddling with her baby in the forest.
9: A room with a couch, chairs, lamps, a table and curtains. 
9: A man watches another man that has numerous bananas on his head.
9: A display of oranges in a store with people standing around.
9: woman in a bikini surfing on a yellow surfboard
9: two black suitcases one is open and a white bag
9: a person with a backpack and a walking stick 
9: a close up of two slices of pizza on a plate 
9: A ship is sailing across an ocean filled with waves.
9: A zebra looks over another zebra in the grass. 
9: A teen boy and teen girl standing on skateboards in front of a stone brick wall.
9: A fake giraffe that is hanging on the side of a wall.
9: I am not sure what this one is
9: A man holding a large umbrella with some girls and a woman underneath.
9: A mustached man is eating a glazed donut.
9: A traffic light sitting over a street with traffic on it.
9: A long line of motorcycles on the side of the road.
9: a really hot girl surfing in the ocean 
9: A woman in plaid pants posing for a picture on skis.
9: A man on the phone near luggage by a gate.
9: A man puts a pizza on a paddle.
9: a man is bending something with his hands
9: A old looking ship sailing in water by a modern city.
9: Two cell phones and an eyeglass case are on a table. 
9: A bathroom with a toilet and a sink.
9: Messy room with a pile of things in the middle of floor.
9: A man swinging a racket at a tennis ball. 
9: A small boat is sailing through the ocean.
9: A man riding down a snowy hill on a snowboard. 
9: A well-lit and well-decorated living room shows a glimpse of a glass front door through the corridor. 
9: A hearty breakfast consisting of eggs, hash browns and pancakes served on two dinner plates.
9: A group of people spend time together in a living room.
9: A sign that says "Don't Drink and Drive."
9: A red piece of luggage sitting on a table.
9: two gray jets are flying next to each other 
9: a close up of a white keyboard with a black monitor 
9: A horse stands on the side of the road with a harness on.
9: a big elephant walks down a walk way 
9: a picture of a guy holding an apple
9: A young child with a pacifier lying down in his bed
9: a white and blue jet is flying in the sky
9: A man sitting on top of a wooden bench.
9: Man in black shirt holding out his hand to a cow. 
9: A glass display case of oranges and apples on a city street.
9: A woman sitting on a trunk wearing a polka dot dress with a red belt.
9: A dog that is looking out a of car window.
9: A man on a snowing mountain with all of his ski gear placed on the ground around him.
9: A man playing wii next to a coffee table.
9: Two girls skateboarding toward a car on a city street.
9: A white bathroom with a tiled floor and one latticed window.
9: A player throws the baseball as hard as he can.
9: A cat sits on its hind legs, and swats at the plant.
9: A microwave on a counter without the clock set.
9: black and white picture of bananas and pears in a bowl.
9: Frisbee in the air, a dog squatting looking up at it, and a man standing behind the dog watching it, on the grass with a tree.
9: A Wii controller and cord is wrapped around a bottle of wine.
9: A polar bear swimming underwater, approaching some rocks.
9: Two people in a boat with a big fan on the back.
9: a close up of a train with a view inside
9: a group of giraffes are walking on a dirt trail
9: A couple of men sitting on a couch with remotes.
9: A picture of teddy bears on the beach.
9: A picture of two people playing a video game.
9: a nicely decorated living room with a big mirror above the fireplace
9: An open cuboard of bowls and plates and other stuff.
9: Umbrellas are used as parasols to deter the sun on hot streets.
9: The display case has three different flavors of donuts. 
9: the door with door handles of a train car
9: a group of people outside holding umbrellas 
9: There are two images side by side, windows and a bathroom
9: A tall giraffe is eating out of a basket.
9: A man on a path with a child on his back walking two dogs with other people in the background.
9: Two women playing tennis on a clay court.
9: A bunch of yellow bananas in a natural jungle setting. 
9: A fluffy cat lounging on the table's edge.
9: A train engine on display next to a set of stairs.
9: A man chows down on a mustard covered hot dog. 
9: Black and white photo of a group of skateboarders.
9: two men standing next to each other with some blue and silver ties
9: There is a blue stuffed bear with writing on it's chest
9: some people buildings and three different buses and a tree
9: A meal of broccoli and cheese on a plate on a table.
9: A farmer with two black cows and machinery in the farm field.
9: A person covered with an orange sleeping bag rests his head on a blue back pack as he sleeps on a park bench. 
9: the man is swinging a tennis racket 
9: A kitty sitting on a newspaper on a car's dashboard.
9: The red passenger train car is next to a white car.
9: An adorable dog sitting on a bed next to a wooden dresser.
9: A clock standing alone on a beach in the sand
9: A lady is posing for the camera with a silly face before heading to the bathroom. 
9: A herd of cattle is near a flock of birds swimming in the water.
9: A man holding an American flag riding down the street on a horse.
9: A pitcher in mid pitch at a baseball game.
9: The bike handlebars have electronics and a rear view mirror on it.
9: A small girl with rollers in her hair, standing next to a fire hydrant on a street.
9: An old, rusty fridge is placed in the grass. 
9: A white and black and red traffic signs on side of oad
9: A skate boarder leaning over a very high ramp.
9: A basket of apples and a box of bananas next to each other
9: people walking with public transit busses on a street
9: White chairs line up on a beach as one blue and white umbrella stands in their midst.
9: there is a woman standing in the rain with a umbrella
9: A stuffed bear has been placed in a bunch of bananas
9: A couple of men riding down a snow covered ski slope.
9: Broccoli and meat in a large pot that is ready for serving. 
9: Red and white commuter train riding down tracks next to the highway. 
9: a single bird standing by the blue water 
9: Four stuffed bears have crowns on their heads.
9: Three shots of a boy using a computer
9: A very clean and modern living room with TV on a stand.
9: Giraffes and a zebra stand in their fenced-in enclosures.
9: A group of people sitting on a bed next to an extra large pizza. 
9: A bear is walking alone through a grassy field.
9: A garbage truck drives through an alley in a Central American city
9: a jet flying high in the sky and a building and windows
9: A man with a beard swings a bat.
9: A plate filled with various kinds of food.
9: three people in Japanese clothing, two are carrying umbrellas and all are wearing sandals and they are walking past parked bikes. 
9: three different pictures of bean salad on a plate
9: A line of ceramic urinals in a public restroom.
9: A close up of a car window makes a black border to a shot that features short grass and  an adult zebra, its head obstructed by the baby zebra in front of it. 
9: A kitchen area with a stove, refrigerator and sink.
9: We are looking at a small herd of giraffes.
9: A zebra and her baby are standing near wooden logs.
9: A white airplane is on the ground at an airport.
9: A family of four dressed in sweaters and tweeds.
9: A man takes a picture of himself with a bird on the back of his chair
9: A group of people standing in some small boats.
9: A bench in front of a vine covered fence.
9: A rearview mirror that shows a vehicle and a person taking a picture. 
9: Cows resting on a busy beach on a sunny day
9: A surfer is riding a wave on his surfboard
9: A big yellow train parked inside of a terminal.
9: A man looking at a large pepperoni pizza. 
9: A lady wearing a school-girl like outfit posing for the camera. 
9: BEAR STALKING AROUND IN THE WOODS AT NIGHT
9: A white plate with lots topped with garlic bread.
9: A group of people walk around old planes in a hanger.
9: A woman looking in a mirror and blow-drying her hair. 
9: People  gather at a fort clock tower.
9: A boy doing a trick on a skateboard off a rail.
9: Red double decker buses are parked in straight lines on a grassy field.
9: A teddy bear is sitting at a table wearing earphones.
9: A bunch of carrots sitting on a table.
9: A man refreshing fake flowers in vases on a crypt wall
9: A yellow and black bird is perched on a tree. 
9: A little boy that is snowboarding on a hill.
9: A train engine on the tracks with a side rail beside it.
9: A cat sitting in a window sill next to an apple sculpture.
9: A man lying his head on his laptop while two cats surround him. 
9: There is a blue and yellow bus stopped with the words, Book Bus, on it.
9: A man that has the ten commandments on his tie
9: A small young girl is riding a horse beside a tree.
9: The black and white cows are running in the grass.
9: A captive zebra nuzzles in the grass as an ostrich stands in the shade beneath the trees to the left. 
9: A teddy bear sitting in a chair near a window.
9: A stop sign and street signs on a road.
9: a double decker parked on the side of the road 
9: A homemade pizza on a pizza pan on a table.
9: A row of stacked produce in a shop.
9: A view of a kitchen refrigerator, part of a stove, and door.
9: A pitcher readies himself to throw the ball.  
9: An old fashion sink with the cover painted pink near the mirror. 
9: A man standing on a snowboard on a small patch of snow at night.
9: a person operating a cell phone and  wearing a suit
9: a young boy holding a cell phone with a picture of himself
9: A group of people gather under an umbrella on a street corner. 
9: A woman walking by a fence holding an orange umbrella over her
9: Girl holding up two fingers while sitting in front of plate with pizza slide on it
9: A package of four donuts sits on a table.
9: A view from the bottom on a church looking up towards the dark sky.
9: A helmeted rider is lifted off of the ground in a grassy area.
9: A train is moving on tracks in an open field. 
9: A bench in the middle of a lush, green forest.
9: A sequence of photos showing a boy throwing a Frisbee.
9: The men are playing a paddle ball game on the beach.
9: a black cat sitting in front of a tv while someone is trying to watch tv
9: Many people walk close to motorcycles parked near a sidewalk.
9: A woman on a surfboard riding a very small wave.
9: A toilet with a decorative cover in the corner of a room.
9: A guy is sleeping with his phone attached to his ear.
9: A white and gray cat is laying on a laptop computer.
9: A kitchen with hardwood floors and a sink and oven.
9: An orange and white cat sits inside a black suitcase.
9: An old, dirty restroom is seen in this picture.
9: A typical residential bathroom with shower, tub and sinks
9: happy dog poses outside a door with root beer bottle
9: A young man is sitting on his surf board next to the beach. 
9: A small dog with a collar in a room.
9: A line of skiers race along a snow-covered path.
9: A green sign on a cracked dirt road.
9: A young male is curled up next to a toilet.
9: The candle is next to the vase on the table.
9: A giraffe looking straight up while in a zoo exhibit.
9: The yellow fire hydrant is rusted on the sidewalk. 
9: Scooters parked in numbered parking spots in the garage
9: A zebra walks along a clearing in front of logs and trees.
9: a black bear scratching his behind on a cement wall
9: A boy holding a pitchers mitt at a park.
9: a woman is holding a tennis racket by a fence
9: Two guys posing for a picture on the boat under an umbrella
9: A desktop computer set on top of a wooden desk.
9: Three men on a sidewalk with ties and boxers on holding up signs. 
9: there is a large cow that is walking by a car
9: A dog sitting in a vehicle with a St. Patrick hat on.
9: Four people skiing on their skis at the ski slope
9: A woman with blonde hair sitting at a bench in front of a building.
9: a plate with some hot dogs and tomatoes on it 
9: Two bear cubs are playing together in water
9: People wait at a train station for the train to arrive.
9: The smaller elephant is walking around the counter.
9: Several people lined up holding tennis rackets at the court.
9: Vegetable dishes and toasted bread are served on a mosaic table.
9: A baseball, umpire, and catcher standing at home plate.
9: A bus that has stopped on the street next to a bus stop
9: The cat is watching closely watching the television.
9: A closeup of a pasta dish with broccoli.
9: A man leaned against a fence with a cow in it
9: A gray elephant standing next to a woman in a red dress.
9: A man dressed in workout clothes using a cell phone.
9: A windsurfer looking at the ocean on a sunny day.
9: A backpack in an old chair beside various items.
9: A young man is eating out with his cap on.
9: A person wears a camera near a backpack with bananas in the side pocket.
9: The two small dogs are laying down together.
9: A boy and a girl play soccer together on the soccer field. 
9: Three kittens leaning out of a hole in a dilapidated window
9: a man wearing red clothing and looking off in a distance
9: The baby zebras are walking around to explore.
9: two meaty sandwiches sit on top of white plates
9: A sign that is attached to a wooden board. 
9: A red and black double decker bus next to a truck.
9: A man that is standing on a track in front of a train.
9: A dog catching a frisbee in an open grassy field.
9: Black cow being walked near a group of people. 
9: A red parking meter with the words "donation station" on it.
9: An elephant standing in dirt under a tree.
9: A living area with a large television at the center.
9: An old red beaten up bus parked in a driveway
9: An office with a cluttered desk and large window.
9: A tray of muffins sits in an open oven while two more sit on plates.
9: a white dog wearing a red polka dot tie sleeping on a chair 
9: A variety of signs on a street corner by a brick building.
9: Two cows on a city street amongst cars and a motor bike.
9: A young girl sitting in front of a bunch of bananas and grapes. 
9: A group of four older men posing for a photo.
9: The young cow is standing in the pasture next to the duck. 
9: Decorative baseball item hanging from ceiling using baseballs and baseball bats
9: Purple flower with shell on top near unripe bananas. 
9: A rally of some sort outside a stadium
9: A lady sit under a dryer smiling with roller in her head with a smiling lady behind her.
9: A street with a bus and cars going down the road beside buildings. 
9: A woman sitting on a horse being assisted by a man.
9: A hotel room with items strewn about it.
9: A collection of apples, pears, and oranges. 
9: A stop sign that is on a street.
9: A red shirted skateboarder practicing his moves on a rail.
9: A large clock attached to the outside wall of a building.
9: A man in a wetsuit that is riding on a surfboard.
9: There are two people waiting to cross the street.
9: A pizza is atop a wooden cutting board, with cheese and various toppings.
9: The pipe has a valve that is red to turn the water on.
9: The cat sleeps on the couch with the remote controls.
9: A table full of different kinds of organic fruits 
9: An adult and child giraffe standing next to a street of traffic.
9: A baseball player is stepping up to bat.
9: A bus in China is parked along a curb. 
9: Someone is sitting on a elephant and messing with the seat.
9: some brown white and black cows water and grass
9: a street sign that is pointing in different ways
9: A young woman smiles while looking at her open flip phone.
9: The street sign is next to a full tree.
9: There is a person lying in a bed, with a brown headboard, with their eyes slightly open, in a white room.  
9: a room showing a cooker and an oven
9: a four tiered flimsy shelf with items on them
9: A person on a horse with large snow capped mountains in the background.
9: a monkey sits downs while eating some food 
9: A bathroom with a sink, towel rack and shower stall.
9: A white toilet sitting next to a tub under a window.
9: the sun peeking through a colorful umbrella next to a palm tree 
9: A living room has a beige couch, and carpet.
9: A bicycle that is tied to a post along a sidewalk.
9: The elephants are walking together in the grass outside.
9: Older gentleman standing at the front of a room giving a lecture
9: a number of animals in a field with power poles
9: A man riding a surfboard on an ocean wave.
9: a couple of boats are in the water
9: A kitten curled up with several stuffed animals.
9: A white metal structure behind a traffic light
9: Motorcycle on display on red carpet at indoor event.
9: Three dogs are sleeping across the length of the bed.
9:  Playing Wii with the nunchuk never looked so good.
9: A cat is sitting under a white vehicle
9: White plate with green and brown mixed food on it. 
9: Two older men sitting on a bench at a park holding crutches.
9: A partially eaten pancake and grits breakfast with coffee.
9: A person is holding some food and on a computer.
9: A large long train on a steel track.
9: A snowboarder is falling on his back while going downhill.
9: An aisle in a store that is selling holiday items.
9: A group of kids playing basketball and two other kids on skateboards.
9: a cat is being held in the arms of a person 
9: A giraffe with it's mouth open looking into the camera. 
9: A plate of food and a bottle of wine
9: A polka dot fire hydrant outside of a firehouse
9: a close up of a sheet of paper with a piece of bread near two glasses of wine
9: Two giraffes that are standing in the dirt.
9: There is a male tennis player holding a tennis racket 
9: Someone walking at a park near the water. 
9: A stir fry vegetable dish arranged in a bowl.
9: A stop sign is next to a tall apartment building.
9: A small aircraft flying low on a clear sky
9: A highway filled with cars being driven both ways. 
9: A man and a woman sitting on steps in front a building with food. 
9: A large furry, black and brown cat sleeping on a chair.
9: A living area blends dining room and living room into one.
9: A hotel room with two beds and two suitcases.
9: A door covered with hanging wrenches and a clock.
9: A stalk of many banana's hanging from a plant.
9: A zebra grazes in the empty field by himself.
9: A statue of two people flying a kite. 
9: Blond haired woman wearing a black top hat.
9: A giraffe stands under the shade of a tree.
9: A passenger boarding a yellow bus on a dirt road.
9: Three people are sitting and waiting on a planter.
9: a cake with an icing clock and a black hat next to it
9: A large brown bear scratching with it's hind leg.
9: Many people are walking down a city street.
9: A man sitting on a motorcycle in front of a body of water.
9: The woman in the black and white dress has a colorful tattoo.
9: This is a large bathroom with a long mirror and a black counter with a white sink
9: a close up of a person posing for a photo
9: Work desk showing electronics, car keys and scribbled plans
9: A bed with a flower quilt, four pillows and two nightstands and lamps.
9: a van driving down a  street next to very tall buildings.
9: A person sits at a computer workstation with a keyboard tray.
9: The man is surfing on his board in the ocean.
9: A little girl is posing in front of a table while making a pizza. 
9: A zebra follows another zebra through a park.
9: A photo taking inside an airplane looking out. 
9: Tennis shoes laid on top of a skateboard.
9: A view of a clock tower with a white clock in the middle. 
9: A woman talking on a cell phone on a city street.
9: A plate with a variety of breads that are topped, a vegetable puree, and a creamy salad of peas.
9: A giraffe standing in the grass by itself.
9: a display of figurines and books as an art piece
9: Two unbaked, homemade pizzas on a baking tray.
9: A cat sits in a glass window by a stuffed toy.
9: Long line of motorcycle riders passing cars parked on the road.
9: Lemons, limes, and oranges next to each other on a table. 
9: A woman in a black tank top sits at a table that is covered with dishes of food.
9: A very cute small girl with a funny face.
9: A room with the sunlight filtering through the windows.
9: A snowboarder and a skier sit side-by-side along a brick wall.
9: Banana sitting on a white plate with mixed nuts next to it. 
9: A boy attempts to hit the tennis ball with the racquet.
9: A bench sitting among flowers and plants with a lizard painted on it.
9: A photo of someone holding a fake pink cell phone.
9: The man is intently involved in the badminton match.
9: a yellow light is next to some train tracks
9: Well lit living room with white couch, coffee table, and TV.
9: Large poster on wall behind white commode in dark tiled bathroom.
9: A kite is caught in the branch of a tree.
9: A man floating in a small boat on a river.
9: This white passenger bus is waiting at a stop
9: This girl is looking down at her shoes.
9: Two rows of young skiers lined up for pictures with their skis.
9: A tall giraffe eating leaves off a tree
9: A small brown dog curled up in sleep.
9: A person that is skateboarding on a sidewalk.
9: A woman and three children at a table
9: A table with one empty wine glass and another glass with wine in it. 
9: A man teaching a boy how to surf in the ocean.
9: a green orange and silver train and some cars
9: A giraffe and a zebra eating together in a park.
9: A youth on a skateboard moving across concrete tile with people in the background.
9: A man with a black kitten is staring at the viewer.
9: A man standing next to a little girl on a ski slope.
9: Three woman dancing with open umbrellas in their hands. 
9: A red haired boy is riding his skateboard.
9: there is a man standing in the desert next to a bike
9: A man in a yellow uniform swinging a bat.
9: A partitioned tray holds several different lunch items.
9: A bathroom with a toilet, mirror and light. 
9: A group of people skiing on the snowy mountain side.
9: A small brown dog sitting with its paws on a table.
9: A group of children standing and sitting beside each other. 
9: The zebras are beginning to head towards their water source.
9: a woman sitting at a table playing with a partially eaten piece of pizza
9: A giraffe is standing in a grassy area.
9: A refrigerator has lots of stuff on the front of it.
9: A child wears a helmet while on the skateboard
9: a couple of computers that are on a desk
9: A colorful display is set up for a school book fair.
9: some white flowers are in a glass vase
9: A clock on the top of a sign that is mounted on a building
9: The woman in the hat is taking a bite of a pastry. 
9: A illuminated sign that is on the side of a pole.
9: A living room and dining area that is clean and well lit
9: A variety of vegetables adorns a cloth covered tray.
9: A train carrying carts down a track through a city.
9: A wave crashes in the ocean as people fly kites on the busy beach. 
9: A man riding skis down a snow covered slope.
9: a bathroom with a sink and a toilet
9: A person skiing on an ski  obstacle course.
9: A cat as sitting outside while looking through a window.
9: A red fire hydrant surrounded by yellow flowers.
9: A park with food truck vendors in the background.
9: A bear smelling the dried out grass outdoors.
9: The shower room has a light green tint.
9: A pole with a clock on it in the winter.
9: A pitcher on the mound adjusts his cup.
9: there are many people in a back yard sitting together
9: Man showing a woman something on his laptop. 
9: A zebra grazing in a red dirt field.
9: A couple of people standing on a beach next to a surfboard.
9: A pair of kites fly above a statue.
9: A man in a baseball uniform ready to swing at a pitch.
9: A group of surfers are waiting for a wave.
9: A lot of people that are playing in the snow.
9: A lot of people riding small motorcycles in a city.
9: Giraffes are grazing in a field of grass.
9: Two young boys are eating large carrots in a room.
9: A full view of a working office with computers. 
9: A sign pointing up next to a stop light
9: A group of people standing around and riding bikes.
9: A computer desk with three monitors on top of it.
9: a zebra standing in the foreground  and another zebra standing behind
9: A bike rests against a bench at night.
9: A multi-colored train going down train tracks. 
9: a person in a suit and tie using a telephone.
9: Truck that is filled with passengers and passengers on the roof
9: A male riding a skateboard with protective gear on pavement.
9: Some people are at the tables, but some are empty.
9: The person stands with a video game remote near sitting women. 
9: Horses grazing in a fenced pasture, some wearing blankets.
9: A group of elephants with water in front and trees behind.
9: A man on a surf board is riding a wave in to the beach.
9: A STOP sign surrounded by long rows of corn.
9: A very young zebra near some larger ones.
9: A harbor with several boats docked and buildings in the background.
9: A group of people in ski gear ride on a ski lift.
9: a yellow motorcycle and a green motorcycle behind some chairs
9: A laptop computer sitting beneath a window next to a desk.
9: A bird is sitting on a tree over green ferns.
9: A train is parked on the train tracks at the station.
9: an image of a clock on a tower high in the air
9: A large body of water filled with boats next to a tall building.
9: a child holding an open umbrella near a building 
9: A skateboarder gets ready to skate in a swimming pool with a crowd watching.
9: A man in a black wet suit is about to stand on his surf board.
9: a fire hydrant with a water hose connected to it 
9: there is a airport worker that is getting the luggage
9: There are a group of people waiting for their luggage.
9: The small bird sits on top of the branch.
9: A baby elephant walks behind a larger one through grass.
9: A boat on the water with a persons feet sticking up out of the boat.
9: A pony wearing a blue vest is running around 
9: A collie in a field tries to catch a wood board.
9: A person standing ontop their surfboard finishing the ride of their wave. 
9: a close up of a public transit train parked near other vehicles
9: 3 firetrucks driving down a street in the day
9: A young boy deflecting a soccer ball away from the net.
9: A girl walking across the beach carrying her surfboard.
9: A desk with a laptop, iMac, an extra monitor and a printer.
9: a little white teddy bear sitting in a chair 
9: a very large and thick pizza and two other pieces of food
9: A performer poses joyously in a banana costume.
9: A huge stainless steel cooking range with a hood in a salesroom
9: A man and woman holding Nintendo Wii controllers.
9: a rack full of closed umbrellas outside a shop
9: Several boats in a river and trucks near the river. 
9: Guys on thegrass court playing a game of tennis
9: A cat sitting on top of a window ledge in the daytime
9: A toilet and urinal against a pink tiled wall. 
9: A hot dog that is laying on a plate.
9: An empty commercial kitchen with bowls on the counter and stacks of trays on the shelf above.
9: A cat that is laying near a black hat.
9: Some personal tents are in the dirt outside
9: One tray of rice and a tray of fruits and veggies.
9: A group of people are gathering with bags near a boat.
9: A pizza with a lot of salad pieces on it.
9: A motorcyclist is riding past an open market.
9: A red fire truck parked in a rainy parking lot
9: A batter is ready to bat with a catcher and an umpire nearby.
9: A room that has a fire extinguisher in it.
9: some people are sitting in a tiny park
9: a man holding onto a wine glass with some wine in it 
9: Open suitcases on the floor filled with clothing and other items.
9: An empty bathroom with a toilet and hand rails
9: there are many zebras that can be seen in the wild together
9: The shop has many flowers and baskets of fruit.
9: A burger and fries with a glass of wine and a knife sticking out of the burger.
9: A person holding a bird over a book.
9: A customized motorcycle with a large rear and skinny front tire
9: A plate of food with a mushroom cut in half, one piece of broccoli and meat with a sauce on it. 
9: The remains of a piece of white cake sits on a red plate.
9: A large bear that is laying down on a rock.
9: Several horses and a tent are on the beach.
9: A person in a camouflaged suit snowboarding down a hill
9: A girl in a dress posing in a mirror with a camera.
9: A produce section of a market selling various fruits and vegetables.
9: A woman sitting on a counter holding a glass of wine.
9: Tower clock with flag flying at its peak.
9: Empty bookshelf in house next to wall clock and books.
9: A baseball player in a white uniform holds a bat as a baseball is in the air very near him.
9: Bathtub in a very fancy stone tiled bathroom.
9: A girl feeding an elephant at a tourist stop.
9: A man is holding a donut with a bite taken out of it.
9: A passenger train sits in the station, while covered with graffiti.
9: People enjoying a sunny day at a beach.
9: several elephants roam an open field of grass and dirt 
9: two males one is shirtless and a brown trash can
9: a person jumping skis in the air 
9: Three players are on a baseball field in front of a large crowd.
9: An old train with cargo trailers is rolling down the tracks.
9: A train riding along a street on a track.
9: Two wooden park benches perpendicular from one another in a garden. 
9: Many scattered objects on a purple rug near some balloons. 
9: Residential bathroom with commode and shower and plain white walls.
9: The headphones are on the counter next to the black keyboard.
9: people bringing their vegetables to the market by boat
9: an image of a man with a kite in the sand
9: A man in a red and black robe handing something to a little girl in front of a bunch of people.
9: A San Francisco Fire Department ship on the water.
9: Some boats in the water outside of some industrial buildings.
9: Three toy ski figures are posed on a head of cauliflower. 
9: Watermelon and plates sit on a kitchen island in morning
9: A kitchen that has a lot of brown cabinets and a big white oven 
9: A man in military uniform who is cutting a cake.
9: Two cats snuggle together on a window sill.
9: THIS IS A PICTURE OF A LARGE CLEAN KITCHEN
9: A cat rolling around a pair of shoes on the floor.
9: a nice lookign studio is covered in paitn and papers
9: A group of cars driving through an intersection.
9: A magazine with a couple of cat around a toilet on it's cover.
9: A bathroom with white towels and hand towels hanging.
9: A computer sitting on top of a desk in a room with a wooden floor.
9: A group of lambs that are standing in the grass.
9: A large group of sail boats riding in the San Francisco Bay.
9: A brown bear is foraging in a field of dried grass. 
9: Two boys playing a game with a remote controller.
9: A purple umbrella floating in blue and green water.
9: A couple of women standing outside of a building.
9: a close up of a cup of coffee with plates around it
9: There are pans on the stove and one of the pans has food cooking in it.
9: A group of people are standing and sitting on ski boards in the middle of the snow. 
9: A group of boys are waiting to ski.
9: A photograph of papers and a computer at a desk.
9: An old adobe mission with a clock tower stands behind a sparsely leaved tree. 
9: kids leaning up against a wall with graffiti and texting.
9: Three open flip phones surround a fourth phone
9: A WOMAN IS HOLDING A HAIR DRYER IN HER HAND
9: A few animals standing behind a fence in the grass.
9: THERE IS A MAN THAT IS PLAYING TENNIS ON THE COURT 
9: A woman and her child bike while walking the dog.
9: A group of people sit on a bench while holding umbrellas.
9: There is a white plate with meat and broccoli on it
9: a clock that is hanging on a wall
9: A building that looks like it is upside down with birds flying.
9: Three teddy bears hugging each other on a couch.
9: An intersection in a smaller town where there is not many people around.
9: A city intersection with traffic lights on a stormy day.
9: A dog lounging comfortably in an arm chair
9: A few people are walking on the beach carrying surfboards.
9: Various street signs and a building next to a bridge.
9: A white toilet in a small restroom with a silver trashcan nearby.
9: People sitting near boats and a leather sofa.
9: A large clock tower below the clear sky.
9: A large long train on a steel track.
9: A picture of a wooden kitchen cupboards. 
9: A man laying in a bed with a piece of food in his hands. 
9: A man in a wetsuit is on the beach with a surfboard.
9: A girl in a Cleopatra outfit eating pizza at a table.
9: The woman's face is concealed under her umbrella as she walks down the street.
9: A sign for Davidson college on the side of the street.
9: A man in uniform and a woman in a bridal gown stand near a cake.
9: A man on a skateboard is grinding a ramp
9: Seated person wearing blue jeans holding a white corded electronic device.
9: A train is moving along a stretch of track.
9: Two men digging holes next to an airport
9: A bathroom with a television, sink and two boxes of tissues. 
9: A cat watching the mice on the T.V. screen.
9: Bear stuffed in top of priority mail box 
9: Three giraffes stand by a sparse tree in the bushlands near a source of water.
9: A giraffe laying down on grass in a fenced in area
9: Two men speaking to a woman from behind a desk.
9: A tea kettle and skillet are sitting on a stove top
9: Guy in sand using his cell phone while multiple surfboards behind him lean up on the hill
9: a frightened black cat looking at a dog
9: People walking at night in the brightly lit city street.
9: An old train is going down the railroad underpass.
9: A couple of birds walk through a field of tall grass near a sail boat harbor.
9: A living room has many rugs and a television.
9: a bunch of boxes on a table next to the street
9: A young man jumping with a skateboard over another young man sitting on the ground.
9: the two elephants torching each other with their long mouths 
9: A man with a surfboard is walking on a beach
9: a living room a fire place a tv and a shelf
9: A bird with his head stuck upside down in a top.
9: A rusty fire hydrant is close to the edge of the curb and painted green.
9: An air hanger with an old fighter plane inside.
9: the two friends are sharing information from the computer.
9: Several boys holding onto tennis racquets while one swings.
9: A female tennis player with a racket and ball at the court
9: A large rounded mirror to help people see past certain angles. 
9: Two women playing a game with a Nintendo Wii controller.
9: The bench by the water is decorated but empty. 
9: A small black round vase with a couple flowers.
9: The bottom of the skateboard deck shows lots of wear and tear.
9: a red blue and white airplane flying in the sky
9: A sausage on a bun with all the best trimmings to munch.
9: A pretty young woman is posing with her horse.
9: Picture of train pulling up to the station with doors open
9: A black cat under a green chair leg cross beam.
9: A pair of scissors on top of a piece of paper on top of a rock.
9: A city street with some kids with some ties.
9: An elephant walking in a field with white birds.
9: Desert on a blue plate getting ready to be eaten.
9: A herd of sheep that are standing in a field.
9: A toaster and blender sitting on a counter top.
9: A row of motorcycles lined up out side "RAY'S TAVERN"
9: A tennis player hits the ball back to his opponent.
9: A giraffe running in the middle of a field. 
9: Players are on a grassy field and one is catching a frisbee.
9: Small train pulling passengers like something you see in an amusement park
9: the table is set in the formal dining room.
9: A man tossing a purple frisbee on a field.
9: Two adults ride horses down a paved park path.
9: An orange placed on the edge of a shore.
9: A toy cartoon train is sitting on a red carpet mat.
9: A fruit stand with bananas hanging and fruit on the counter.
9: a fireplace a table couch piano lights and a picture
9: Two giraffes stand freely in the open field.
9: A surfer surfs a wave in the ocean. 
9: A man hitting a tennis ball with his racket. 
9: A table topped with bananas next to apples and oranges.
9: A man sitting on a love seat holding a newspaper and covering his face with the shirt he is wearing 
9: Sign with the number "eighty" set against bright blue sky.
9: a small boy in a white shirt is holding a yellow toothbrush
9: Two girls at a horse race track posing for a picture.
9: There were six toilet all lined up along the wall.
9: there are many people very close to each other
9: A TV mounted in a cow on a wall.
9: A black toothbrush with white bristles laying on a table.
9: A display of thumbnails of many different types of foods.
9: a baseball player wearing cathers protection on a field
9: two dogs wearing jackets standing in a yard
9: A fire hydrant that is sitting in the leaves.
9: A pair of zebras grazing on a field next to trees.
9: Four people enjoying a meal are posing for their picture. 
9: A Kuwait Airlanes jumbo jet docked at an airport terminal with other planes behind it on the runway.
9: two asian men with long hair in suits and ties 
9: A man talking on his cellphone in one hand.
9: A snowboarder sits at the top of the run.
9: a close up of a dog wearing a tie
9: A woman drinking from a class on a balcony.
9: The red light is illuminating the dark street.
9: an image of boy standing on top of  a bench
9: A hamburger with several toppings sits in front of some orange french fries.
9: A red and white bus on street with trees in the background.
9: an image of a tennis player serving the ball
9: Two horses grazing in a fenced in grassy field.
9: A delicious piece of tiramisu being displayed on a white plate.
9: A couple of people sitting in chairs next to a Christmas tree.
9: A little baby at the beach is sitting on a surfboard.
9: A colorful kitchen is displayed under overhead lighting.
9: there are many giraffes standing behind bushes in the wild
9: A pitcher winds up to throw a baseball at a batter. 
9: A little girl in a flowered dress and a girl wearing red shorts stand near a railing while a zebra is on the other side.
9: People standing on a beach looking at an airplane.
9: A cat lies with a pile of shoes near the door of a house.
9: a travel bag with a cat laying inside of it 
9: Truck rides by a couple of people on scooters
9: A man is walking in a park with a frisbee.
9: Fuzzy picture of people walking and a boy on a skateboard.
9: A kitchen with a stove and several cabinets in it.
9: A plate of food is sitting on a table.
9: A tennis player dressed in white prepares to take a swing.
9: A horse that is strapped to a chain.
9: A man selling kites outside of a wall on display with many people walking around.
9: A woman stands next to a stop sign that features the words in both English and Arabic.
9: A bathroom area with a standup shower, sink and mirror.
9: A young man riding a skateboard down a rail.
9: Bathroom with sink and mirror next to hallway. 
9: A bed covered in a purple blanket covered mattress.
9: A clock above a building with clouds and lightning in background.
9: A child looks at an electronic device while sitting on a bed.
9: some benches with some twigs and leaves and some people
9: A red bird with a long beak stands on thick branches in a tree.
9: green clock displays the time as five forty
9: a fire truck bus and line of vehicles in the street
9: The person is taking a selfie using the cars mirror
9: A man has his foot on someone laying on the ground. 
9: A bright yellow fire hydrant has pretty flowers and decorative stones surrounding it; a cement building is in the background and one of the curtains is very colorful. 
9: A plate that has a sandwich and some potato salad on it.
9: A quiet city street shows buildings, cars, and people.
9: A bathtub is filled with junk in a dirty bathroom.
9: A wooden table with a glass of beer and bottle.
9: Assorted  fruits and vegetables displayed in a kitchen scene.
9: Photo taken at dusk with colorful objects at are lite up.
9: A young boy approaches a giant kite lying on the ground. 
9: A train that is sitting on the tracks.
9: A little girl that is standing in the grass.
9: A dining table holding coffee and a plate of eggs.
9: Man in a blue shirt holding up a white frisbee. 
9: A young boy is winding up the bat and preparing to swing at a ball.
9: two teddy bears a rabbit and a drink and straws 
9: A person very intently playing a video game.
9: Two adults playing with a Wii in a living room. 
9: A bathroom area with blue tiled floor and sinks.
9: A yellow motorcycle parked on the side of the street.
9: A whole pizza with many toppings in a pizza box.
9: a bunch of cars and motorcycles parked on the side of the road 
9: An old man playing violin in a kitchen.
9: a very big bus moving on the road
9: A pizza sitting on a cutting board near a bottle and a wine glass.
9: People at a sheep judging contest looking over the sheep 
9: a view of a counter top in a diner
9: a bath room with a toilet a window and a bath tub
9: View of a street corner in a city with a florist shop featured.
9: a picture of a polka dot pattern tie
9: a triple layer sandwich and potato chips on a plate
9: an old stove with some pots on top of it 
9: A large amount of bananas that are sitting inside of a large tin.
9: A very white, modern bathroom looks cold and unwelcoming. 
9: A house has a small staircase and a disconnected refrigerator. 
9: a mirror showing the reflection of a poster
9: A living room with contemporary furnishings and wall hangings.
9: The Big Ben clock tower in the city of London England.
9: Two adults and a child ride a motorcycle together.
9: A person with a surfboard in the water.
9: A lifeguard sits under a large, orange umbrella. 
9: a roof and some blue chairs umbrella and table and grass
9: A large brown bear swimming in some water.
9: A man throws his Frisbee while standing near a tree stump and a bicycle.
9: There is a blue beach umbrella and a chair at the beach
9: A man carrying a surf board with water and mountain background.
9: A baseball player prepares to swing at a pitch at home plate.
9: Food is on the counter including a glass of water, rice, vegetables, and more
9: Two zebras grazing on a cloudy day. 
9: An arm holds out a lit lighter toward a lap top computer screen featuring a man with a cigarette.
9: A woman in jockey gear riding a horse through a field.
9: a man that has a suitcase in his hand
9: A large herd of elephants being led into water. 
9: A woman in bed with an oxygen tube and a dog.
9: A simple gray bathroom including sink and shower.
9: A FAMILY IS PLAYING AT THE PARK 
9: A very tall building sitting next to a sign that reads Bourbon Street.
9: A child on a surfboard rides a wave.
9: The snowboarding is racing down the snow covered hill. 
9: A man and woman walk together through the grass.
9: An elephant standing in the grass on a sunny day. 
9: A surfer reaches the peak of a wave.
9: a room with a big bed with a wooden head board 
9: A kitchen that has a wooden cabinets with a wine holder.
9: A blurry photograph of streetlights taken at night
9: A couple of birds are touching heads together
9: Large white bird with yellow beak flying over the water.
9: Purple flowers are in an orange vase receiving sunlight. 
9: A man with his eyes closed and a woman on the phone in the background.
9: A man sitting on a chair playing a video game.
9: Four people sit around eating food outside together. 
9: a bird that is flying over some water
9: A person on a bench, and one on a wheelchair sitting by a seawall looking out toward the ocean
9: A large pizza on a stone pizza cooking tray.
9: A large group of elephants in a lake.
9: a white fridge cover with a lot of paperwork 
9: A man holding three Frisbees of varrying colors. 
9: A refrigerator with a microwave on top of it.
9: A snowboarder in the air doing a trick
9: A man standing in a sport coat and looking down at his hands as a woman passes in front of him.
9: a clock on a pole on a city street 
9: THERE IS A TOILET AND A TRASH CAN IN THE BATHROOM 
9: Man making funny gesture with tongue while sitting on motorcycle.
9: Some very cute small kids eating at a party.
9: a couple working on putting some toppings on a pizza 
9: Woman with her baby in a messy room full of luggage.
9: The young man is practicing his skateboard tricks. 
9: The antique motorcycle is parked beside a truck.
9: A close shot of a bench in a park with several others. 
9: A young man with a surfboard standing on a beach.
9: A bedroom with a desk and a lamp and a bed.
9: a motorcycle parked on a city street near a building
9: a person riding a horse with a person walking near by
9: The kitchen has a microwave on the counter beside the sink.
9: skateboarder does a jump off of the street corner
9: A herd of sheep in a field grazing 
9: A child uses scissors to open the wrapping on a package.
9: An old photo taken of a group of tennis players.
9: A fork and bowl of broccoli, cauliflower and pork.
9: A man carrying boxes down the sidewalk with many other people around carrying umbrellas and walking on a rainy day
9: A bird is perched on a very small mirror.
9: A woman that is sitting down near a cat.
9: A small zebra stands next to a feeding station.
9: A kid is playing around at a skateboard
9: Pots and pans hanging next to metal spoons.
9: There are a lot of people on the skate board ramps
9: A man with a jack hammer on the sidewalk next to a parking meter. 
9: A couch and a table in a small room.
9: three baseball players and one is hitting the ball
9: A group of people are playing guitars on the sidewalk.
9: a person riding skis on a snow covered ground
9: A group of people playing Wii video games
9: Elephants crossing a deep river near a dry landscape.
9: A baseball player is in position to swing a bat and hit a baseball.
9: a plate filled with assorted desserts and cake
9: a large air plane in a run way
9: A BOWL OF CHINESE FOOD NOODLES AND VEGGIES
9: A woman that is holding two red bags standing in the street.
9: An African themed dinning room has a wooden table and chairs.
9: A smiling young boy lying on a surfboard rides in on the surf.
9: a dog wearing a shirt standing next to a piece of cake
9: A bicycle is leaning against a stop sign.
9: An aerial view of several jumbled cars on a narrow road.
9: A man taking a selfie in his microwave reflection of himself and coffee cup.
9: a commuter train stopped inside the train station
9: A suitcase has been re purposed into a charming bench seat.
9: Someone has hooked an older headset phone to a cellphone. 
9: A man riding a skateboard down a street.
9: Mounted police, both officer and horse in rain gear.
9: A man in a blue shirt crosses the bridge as a flurry of kites wave through the air in the background.
9: Vintage street with cars and buses lining it
9: A young child attempting to hit a tennis ball.
9: a close up of a person holding large wooden scissors
9: Several young men playing a game of Frisbee together.
9: Sheep and their lambs graze in a grassy paddock
9: A plate contains a pizza with many toppings.
9: A kitchen with an old style stove, shelving, a sink and window.
9: Two cats are lounging on an unmade bed.
9: Some images showing some beer and some food.
9: Cauliflower, onions, broccoli and other vegetables gathered together.
9: A man is riding a motorcycle on a street in traffic.
9: A man and a woman pose holding a frisbee.
9: a close up head shot of a giraffe
9: A man examines a surf board that has a label on it.
9: Some sofas, chairs and tables are in a room.
9: a long boat being used for a green house
9: a very tall tree in the field with nice flowers
9: The handle of a motorcycle motorcycle mirror is displaying a tree and house in the background.
9: ONE PERSON OUT ON THE SANDY TENNIS COURT
9: a rustic bathroom with a toilet and a water valve
9: Three giraffes are standing on the plains of Africa.
9: a person riding a skate board near a set of steps
9: a blue and red plane on a runway
9: A black fridge in the middle of a kitchen.
9: a close up of a person in a row boat
9: The fire hydrant is obscured by the rather tall weeds.
9: Rusted red and white fire hydrant on a cracked sidewalk.
9: A young man is taking a "selfie" of himself. 
9: A lamp shade turned inside out to look like a plant.
9: A motorcycle enthusiast rides passed an intimidating building. 
9: A vase with cracks in it is shown.
9: A half sandwich on a blue plate and a green vegetable.
9: A man putting a bicycle on the front of a bus.
9: This kitchen has stainless steel appliances and granite countertops.
9: A family poses for a photo while skiing on a snowy mountainside.
9: A giraffe watches a man wheel a wheelbarrow of hay across the yard.
9: Someone waiting for the light to change so they can walk across the street. 
9: A bowl that has food and a spoon in it.
9: Buffaloes and zebra grazing together in the field near a lake
9: A giraffe stretched its neck to eat the leaves
9: A woman skiing on a path by some trees.
9: A container holding oral hygiene products hanging on a mirror. 
9: a sign attached to a metal pole sitting in the grass
9: three giraffes some trees and plants and blue sky
9: a person walking along a lake with a kite in air 
9: A man is flying a kite at a park.
9: a large bear that is walking on a tree stump
9: Daring guy does tricks mid air on motorcycle
9: four pictures of a lady brushing her teeth
9: the birds are flying over the sea in front of the ship.
9: An ice cream truck driving down the road.
9: there are many skiers going up and down this mountain
9: some people skateboarders ramps and trees and dirt
9: four zebras grazing in enclosed area with shade trees
9: An elephant walking around outside in a park. 
9: A baseball player hitting a baseball in a baseball game.
9: A brown teddy bear with a black staff
9: An asian woman smiling while holding a cell phone.
9: A breakfast consisting of food, coffee, and cigarettes.
9: A black bag attached to the long handle of a piece of luggage.
9: A group of surfers change their clothes on a beach.
9: A corner of a room with gray walls and gray curtains has a black clock hanging.
9: A group of retro cell phones and beepers, one of which has a broken screen.
9: a group of people on a beach relax and have a good day
9: If you can't hit the tennis ball with a racket, try to catch it in your hand.
9: People are gathered alongside a dirt road while a bus engine compartment is open.
9: A photo of an orange growing on a tree.
9: two people in wet suits walking towards the water 
9: a large air plane flying in the air
9: Man sits behind a microphone at a news conference. 
9: a tennis player swinging a racket at a ball
9: Two dogs are walking down a road along a river bank.
9: a blue boat is sitting in the water
9: The sheep are gathered under the picturesque tree.
9: A computer on a desk covered with many papers
9: The birds are on the side of the trees.
9: A man is riding a skateboard over a ramp.
9: A girl wearing green is flying a kite
9: A group of young girls with racquets on the tennis court
9: A pair of ups trucks traveling down the road.
9: A sitting area with furniture and flowers makes a backdrop for a boy with headphones, sitting in the foreground at one of the chairs at a dining table that holds glasses and a handbag, working at a laptop.
9: A father teaches a young boy how to ski.
9: man looking bewildered looking over all the suitcases

9: Three people walking down a beach with surfboards.
9: A person that is dressed nice taking a selfie.
9: A family of all ages gather together in a kitchen.
9: A dog sleeping on the front poor of a building with bright blue doors.
9: Tow horses tied up outside a restaurant called The White Horse
9: Moss has grown all over the building with the clock tower.
9: Broccoli, a hard boiled egg, sauce and some other food together in a container. 
9: A pie crust inside a spring form pan on a wooden counter.
9: A bulldog on a chain is standing on a skateboard.
9: A very big and tasty looking pizza with toppings.
9: A very clean public restroom for men. 
9: A small rodent is seen amongst clothing in a suitcase.
9: a guy waiting to hit a ball with two rackets in his hands
9: A hydrant is open and pours water onto a city street.
9: A green motorcycle parked on a rugged broken street. 
9: A cat has its head close to a computer keyboard.
9: A man and a woman sit at a table, the woman has a plate of pizza.
9: an image of a bedroom setting with red carpet
9: A toilet lid is closed next to a bathtub with a white curtain and pink tile wall.
9: A green and white utility truck driving on dirt road.
9: A keychain style remote could actually be a mini spy camera.
9: A chocolate donut on a plate with orange wedges on the side. 
9: A tall antique black and gold clock tower.
9: A large elephant with tusks standing in the middle of a jungle.
9: A back of a truck with doors and two windows. 
9: An old shepherd with two dogs watching his sheep on a hill.
9: A person reading a brown elephant a bottle filled with milk.
9: A harbor filled with boats floating next to a dock.
9: Large racks of skis sitting on top of a ski slope. 
9: The man sits in front of the computer and next to the television being entertained
9: A man playing tennis, ready with racket in hand.
9: a cat sleeping on a couch while holding onto a teddy bear 
9: A man swinging a baseball bat with two other men behind him as others watch.
9: a motor cycle sits parked next to a bunch of other bikes
9: A large number of green and yellow bananas in wooden containers.
9: Two white vans in parking lot with clouds and mountain in background.
9: A group of three clocks handing from wires.
9: a dog standing in the middle of a herd of sheep 
9: FOUR SHEEP IN AN ENCLOSURE WITH SNOW AROUND THEM
9: a motorcycle race driver coming close to the road
9: a person in a small boat in a pool 
9: A man guiding a dog and a child on a horse
9: The man is riding a woman on the back of his bike.
9: There are two people watching another one play tennis.
9: Cows standing near a cart and a boat.
9: A tennis player in a pink outfit about to play a match.
9: the kitchen is white with brown counter tops and a white fridge
9: A boy pitching a baseball caught in each motion of his windup.
9: The man is posing wearing a hat and a bow tie. 
9: Picture of some people talking in a room.
9: A bathroom showing a toilet, sink and shower and tub.
9: Wildlife grazing on grasses near waterway with boats.
9: A person sitting on a surfboard on the edge of the ocean.
9: A giraffe stands in the brush near trees.
9: a big sandwich on a small silver plate with a bowl of broth on the side
9: A bird with a large beak is standing the the water. 
9: bathroom with stand alone sink, mirror, and wall lights
9: A border collie with tongue hanging out stares at an approaching Frisbee.
9: A guy makes a weird face as he eats what looks like a hot dog.
9: A woman gets ready to smack the tennis ball across the court.
9: A girl preparing to eat a hot dog.
9: A boy in an orange t-shirt plays a video game.
9: Two children with a bat and t-ball stand trying to hit the ball.
9: It looks like those cows are walking along the beach.
9: A woman hosting a seminar to a class
9: Close up of a banana sitting on a white counter
9: A table containing a variety of food items.
9: A group of people standing at a corner looking across the street
9: Fried asparagus and exotic food are on a tray.
9: A woman in a purple jacket site by a piece of pie and coffee.
9: Everyone in the family has to have his own computer.
9: A man standing in a small patch of grass flying a kite.
9: Five different pizzas are being prepared over a metal tray.
9: Buildings near a river with several boats in it. 
9: Red brick building sells pepsi named Kathy's diner.
9: two people riding motorcycles near each other 
9: The wine has been poured and ready to drink
9: a red and black train on top of a train track next to the street
9: Group of people sitting in a room with a railing in the middle
9: A snowboarder is flying in the air over snow.
9: A street sign is altered with electrical tape for comedic effect.
9: A fire hydrant with a piece of clothing draped over one edge.
9: Two people riding motorcycles down a forested road.
9: a long train traveling  on some  railroad tracks 
9: A small girl that is eating pizza and holding a string, sitting next to another girl with long blonde hair.
9: a small boy with a bat and ball on some grass
9: Two men riding on the backs of two elephants. 
9: A man skateboarding on a half pipe in front of judges.
9: A small Asian child playing with toys in a car seat.
9: A young man sitting on a bench working on a laptop.
9: A driver steers a tram onto a tangle of tracks.
9: A desk chair is in a bathtub in a run down bathroom.
9: A batter getting ready to swing at a pitch at a baseball game 
9: Two taxis parked next to each other in the street.
9: Two zebras looking downward against a grey background. 
9: A bathroom stall that is open and exposing a toilet.
9: A young boy riding his skate board near the water.
9: A beaded necklace, large pendant and hair comb.
9: A sheep that is standing on some hay.
9: a man lies on the floor next to some gadgets
9: Orange cone and microwave sitting at the curb.
9: A man holding a plate covering his face 
9: Young surfer quite vertical on an incoming wave
9: A plain, made bed with a set of hearts on top
9: A MOTHER ELEPHANT GRAZING WITH HER NEWBORN CALF.
9: A man riding a skateboard on a ramp.
9: A woman reaches into the oven for her bread 
9: A zebra standing alone in the snow with a stone block wall and wooden fence behind it.
9: A pizza pie with lots of green vegetables on it.
9: A person making thin crust pizza in a kitchen
9: Two school buses sitting on the road beside the grass.
9: The dish of rice and mushrooms is inside of a microwave.
9: A sandwich of meat, carrots, cilantro and cucumber. 
9: a plate with bunch of diffent foods mixed together 
9: A busy walkway at an urban city park.
9: A red trolley passing by a group of people under umbrellas.
9: a plant with some frost on it sits on a tree 
9: There are three zebras in a row facing away from the camera.
9: A person is snowboarding down a snowy slope.
9: A white large plate served with a small portion of food
9: A lush green field full of grazing sheep.
9: A brown dog with its head stuck in a frisbee.
9: A game is displayed on a television in a living room.
9: A green plate with noodles and several toppings.
9: A cow in a farm yard in a gated enclosure.  
9: a woman stands in front of a blackboard with her cell phone
9: The bride and groom stand beside a cake shaped like a stack of books. 
9: A man on a brown horse rides through a river.
9: An ice sculpture of a large vase is holding flowers outdoors.
9: A very messy bedroom with many items laying all over it.
9: giraffes, zebra and bulls in zoo habitat together
9: A man lounging on a sofa holding a Wii remote.
9: Ties with dogs and cats are on display.
9: A women who is holding a racket on a tennis court.
9: A train on tracks beneath a green hillside.
9: A man petting a giraffe at a zoo. 
9: This little girl is taking tennis lessons to learn how to play.
9: A man and a woman in a very small kitchen together.
9: Man is tending to goats on top of a van. 
9: A new silver motorbike parked in a garage.
9: a little boy brushing his teeth in the bathroom 
9: Guy rides elephant through Indian street in front of building
9: An orange butterfly sitting on an orange inside a bowl
9: Outside picture in a foreign country showing a direction signboard.
9: A desktop computer with mouse and speakers on a stand.
9: A restroom with a shower curtain and a white toilet.
9: A motorcycle is sitting outside near some plants.
9: A young man holding a pair of scissors next to his duck lips.
9: a young person sitting at a table eating pizza
9: a colorful sitting in the water with leaves around it 
9: A small cat sitting on a floormat below a hanged plate.
9: A lone duck swimming in the grey green water of a marsh.
9: this man is riding a wave on a board
9: A girl playing a video game with several other people nearby.
9: A batter, catcher, and umpire anticipate the next pitch.
9: a bunch of people sits at a table 
9: Little girl in the motion of trying to catch a frisbee while playing on the beach. 
9: A room with a bed, a chair, and a television.
9: A cat sitting on items inside of an open suitcase.
9: Two girls standing in front of a stop sign.
9: People living in squalor by a market in India
9: Some very tall and pretty giraffes in a building.
9: A group of young skiers pose in a line on a snowy slope. 
9: A city street has many signs in Japanese.
9: Green cake in the shape of a truck holding sticks.
9: There are some sunflowers in a blue vase
9: A man and a women with a little baby sleeping.
9: There are two plates on the table in the dark room.
9: A green hotel room with a large bed set with two sets of pajamas. 
9: There is a wooden fireplace being built in this room.
9: A blue and white plate filled with meat and vegetables
9: a table with attached benches sitting beside another bench 
9: A bus that is sitting in the grass near a street.
9: A white jet airliner docked next to utility vehicles.
9: a skate-boarder about to go down a small wooden ramp
9: A group of people getting ready to go fishing on boats
9: An elephant wearing a saddle holds leaves in it's trunk.
9: Two benches on leaf covered ground near water 
9: A batter has attempted a hit while the catcher is ready.
9: Mobile phone with Asian writing on display area
9: classic cars on a city street with people and a dog
9: Broccoli, onions, radishes and other vegetales in a display.
9: A man is taking a bite of a piece of pizza
9: a very decorated work cubicle with a laptop
9: A batter is swinging for the baseball at a game.
9: There is something captured here in this photo.

9: Two people on a motorcycle that's got a cooler attached to it.
9: A white bunny rabbit sitting in the middle of a living room
9: The plane is on the runway near the building.
9: a sink with running water a mirror and a Godzilla toothbrush holder
9: A train runs on rails, visible through a fence.
9: Some meat that is mixed in with some vegetables.
9: A group of people ski on a snowy mountain.
9: A young man walking down the street passed a parked fire truck.
9: A motorcyclist in leather wearing hot pink furry boots
9: A man playing a game with a remote controller.
9: A couple of women sitting at a table having drinks.
9: A toilet is on display at a trade show.
9: A woman that is in a green truck.
9: A boy skateboarder in the air over a jump.
9: two people holding surf boards in a body of water
9: A black and white photograph of a person wearing DC shoes on a skateboard in the sun. 
9: a cat with a tie on its neck
9: Two black bikes stand side by side on the beach.
9: An adult elephant and a baby elephant by a lake.
9: A group of people tasting wine at a bar. 
9: A young man playing tennis jumps in the air.
9: Turkey sandwich toasted two halves on a table.
9: a young baseball player holding a bat on a field
9: Two women and a dog are enjoying a day out in a boat.
9: Skate boarder in mid-air maneuver as two males watch.
9: a man stands on a tennis court as people look on
9: A man in black shirt holding a Nintendo Wii controller.
9: Tennis player and white outfit swinging his racket on the court. 
9: People are waiting to cross a street on a rainy day.
9: A man lines up his shot while playing a video game
9: A giraffe and a zebra next to each other in the wild.
9: A large airplane flies over five electrical wires.
9: boy in a sports jersey holds skateboard in right hand
9: a zebra standing on a dirt road with trees in the background
9: A large sign that says cave next to a sign that says resturant and lounge.
9: Four different dishes containing meat, noodles, rice and soup
9: A tabby cat stands on a wooden floor next to a chair.
9: some apples oranges and another yellow and green fruit
9: The surfboards are all lined up. some are yellow
9: Beds in an old hosipital and barred windows
9: An airplane is parked next to a domed tower.
9: A boat with emergency lights on it sitting in a harbor.
9: The two cows are standing near a metal fence.
9: The man on the motorcycle pulled up beside the car.
9: A kitchen with a dining area and black and white checkered floor.
9: a close up of a street sign with a sky background
9: Most people negotiate the city streets with motorbikes in this Asian city.
9: A bunch of elephants are gathered around in the outdoors near some rocks.
9: A cat's face by a computer key board
9: Two men are dressed in blazers and hats in a rural village area.
9: A boat in a harbor with trees in the skyline.
9: an elephant partially submerged in a body of water
9: Girl in red and white dress holding a mobile device.
9: A person riding a horse on the beach, silhouetted against a light sky.
9: A person on a boogie board in the water. 
9: a small white bathroom with a walk in shower
9: Giraffe in a zoo overlooking the city skyline.
9: A bathroom with a large sink and purple walls.
9: A white jet airliner parked on a runway at night.
9: A crowd is gathered at a fence line to oversee an event on a rainy night.
9: people in the water playing with their kites 
9: Four people pose for picture while wearing skis
9: A woman is walking down a sidewalk and is carrying a cup of Starbucks coffee and rolling a suitcase behind her. 
9: A toilet that is on an airplane or in a motor home.
9: a fruit stand with red and yellow apples and canned honey
9: Two giraffes inside of a cage at the zoo.
9: A piece of bread with an egg in its center.
9: Three different meals on plates with silverware and beverages.
9: Clouds are being reflected in a building's windows. 
9: A police motorcycle parked near a fence and outdoor tables.
9: An elephant walking in the dirt in a zoo. 
9: A person on a board para sailing in the ocean at sunset.
9: The airplane is on the tarmac at the airport.
9: One person with a water bottle, and another person with a cellphone.
9: Flowers in a vase sitting on a window seal.
9: The man is walking on the field to play a game of baseball. 
9: Two men on motorcycles on a hillside drive.
9: A couple of toothbrushes and past in a drawer.
9: a man holding a fragile peice of glass
9: a vintage photo of a toilet sitting next to a shower 
9: A cay laying on top of a wooden table next to a knife.
9: Grey cat lying on the keyboard of a laptop as someone tries to type.
9: several vases and bowls on display at a museum
9: a white and black bird some plants and clouds
9: An airplane is seen between two identical skyscrapers.
9: A woman stands on a green tennis court with the crowd watching.
9: A man takes a photo of his reflection in a public restroom.
9: A desk with various electronics and a computer with a screensaver
9: A man standing in the forefront of a large clock.
9: The freight train is painted orange and yellow. 
9: Young female child playing tennis on outdoor court.
9: A woman is forcefully hitting a tennis ball.
9: There are people on motor bikes in the street
9:  a pitcher on the mound throwing the ball
9: A person is in the rear view mirror of a motorcycle.
9: A woman blow drying her hair in a bathroom with a dryer.
9: there is a large pizza on a white and blue plate
9: A bathroom sink cluttered with multiple personal care items.
9: A bag of luggage with a purple tag hanging off it's side.
9: Four pictures of a computer and a desk.
9: A tennis player takes a swing at a ball 
9: The room has two bed and a chair.
9: A suit case is opened and there are things cluttered around
9: A white swan is swimming near a docked boat.
9: Tennis player keeping her eye on the approaching ball.
9: a person on skis goes down a snowy hill 
9: A kitchen filled with a center island made out of wood.
9: A wooden bowl filled with bananas on top of a counter.
9: A well dressed guy and a pretty girl posing together.
9: a tennis player with a ball and a racket 
9:  A guy tossing a tennis ball up and preparing to serve.
9: Brown horses are running on a green field.
9: A little kid is swinging at a water balloon. 
9: A man walking down a road next to a bench.
9: A plate of food on a tray in a room.
9: Two women are standing under a pink umbrella.  
9: The letters on the huge airliner are painted blue and red.
9: A group of children sit around a Husky dog while two people with two dogs in the background watch.
9: A man holding a pink umbrella standing on his tip toes.
9: A keyboard is shown with three computer mouses.
9: All white kitchen and appliances in a narrow space.
9: a cat that is sitting on a pillow
9: A modern kitchen has large and clear counter space.
9: A batter, catcher and umpire in a baseball game.
9: a bunch of kites that are being flown in the sky.
9: a number of people in a field with many kites flying above 
9: A group of young girls playing a game of soccer.
9: A large bridge spanning the width of a large river.
9: A big, fancy bathroom with a long shelf with two sinks and a chair in the middle
9: close up of a bearded man wearing a black tie
9: a lady that is at a sink in a kitchen
9: A person flying a kite near a basketball hoop. 

9: A boy holding his tie and a cell phone sitting at a table in front of a bowl of cereal.
9: A harbor next to body of water with boats on it.
9: there are two horses that are pulling a carriage
9: A man with skis is standing in a snowy clearing.
9: A man wearing a wetsuit riding a surfboard on a small wave.
9: A sandwich with sprouts on a bagel with chips.
9: A baseball batter is posed in a swinging position.
9: A toilet has Korean writing and papers in its bowl. 
9: A young man is putting on or taking off a business suit.
9: The man and woman are standing inside of a small bathroom.
9: A white boat on ocean with trees in the background.
9: A small, black train is on its tracks by a fence.
9: a microwave sits on top of a mini fridge 
9: A woman in a bikini sitting on top of a lawn chair next to a child.
9: The flash of a camera glaring in a mirror.
9: An iPhone with a sad face and arms and legs attached.
9: A man in a vintage banker suit is leaning against a vehicle.
9: A double decker bus on a London street at night.
9: A man wearing a helmet holds a snowboard in the snow.
9: A man wearing a hat sitting at a table holding a cat.
9: People in a meeting getting ready to view images on a screen.
9: A giraffe standing outside in the middle of trees. 
9: A baseball player in a blue jersey standing ready with a catcher's mitt
9: A woman with a thing holding a baby
9: A piece of of colorful luggage sitting next to pairs of roller skates.
9: A man wearing glasses looking at his cell phone.
9: People on a sidewalk dressed up and a man with a horse 
9: Many motorcyclists gather and socialize at the side of the road
9: A man with a hat and a tie standing.
9: A train car that is empty with lots of blue seats.
9: A string of peppers hanging from a basket.
9: A man standing next to a sign talking on a phone.
9: Man sitting in a messy living room with couch, chair, and media center.
9: A donkey and man on a large, rocky mountain.
9: A skateboarder with pads and a helmet travels at speed.
9: A sandy beach filled with lots of lawn chairs and umbrellas.
9: People stand on the sidewalk waiting for the bus to come. 
9: a big clock on a pole saying it is 12:43
9: The traffic light is visible for all of us to see.
9: some green bananas and a flower bud hanging from a tree
9: Various pots and plates displayed next to a woman.
9: an image of a herd of zebra running in the wild
9: Giraffes standing together and other animals in the background.
9: Two people standing next to each other flying a kite in the sky.
9: Several people on a grassy field playing frisbee.
9: Guy doing a flip trick with his skateboard.
9: A woman putting her dog on her surf board
9: A white fire hydrant on the sidewalk by a car.
9: The stainless steel refrigerator is being moved into the newly constructed home.
9: A large group of people stand together holding umbrellas. 
9: A person on a surfboard in the water.
9: A group of men playing baseball, one is running, while another is throwing a ball to another player.
9: A laptop computer sitting on top of a table.
9: A farm house overlooking a field of animals by a lake.
9: a person biting into a hot dog with ketchup.
9: dog sitting next to a window sill looking out an open window
9: Darth Vader staring at a toothbrush he is holding in his hand
9: A work station with multiple computers and cell phones.
9: Transit buses are parked in neat diagonal rows.
9: Tall glass mug shaped vase with yellow flowers
9: A bus is moving along a narrow street next to trees with houses in the background.
9: Someone riding skis with two sticks in their hands at the ski slope
9: Horse with blinders on walking through wooded area
9: Children are getting off a bus while a woman directs them.
9: A tree lined city pedestrian area during autumn
9: a close up of cows on a field of grass with bushes near by
9: Kathy owning while on top seat in the car
9: A man cross country skiing by city buildings
9: A building with a clock on the front of it and other wooden items. 
9: Traffic signals direct traffic while a tower is in the background.
9: A middle aged woman in curlers sitting under a hair dryer.
9: A white vase filled with lots of different colored flowers.
9: A white bread sandwich has ham and jalapenos in it. 
9: a close up of a nintendo wii controller on someones lap
9: Four horses in a lake in an open area.
9: Luggage is sitting at the top of the steps in the house
9: A public transit train near a train station.
9: A man walking on a sidewalk next to a bus stop
9: A man in a helmet on a boogie board in water
9: Some people are on the sidewalk under a sign.
9: An elephant walking past a rock wall with a smile on it's face.
9: A man is running down to the ocean from a muddy hill.
9: A bear playing with a ball in a pool of water.
9: A broken refrigerator stands open and abandoned in a dirty room.
9: A couple of people on laptops on a table.
9: The toaster oven is painted on the wall of the building. 
9: A clean kitchen with a double stove and vent
9: A skier standing on a snowy slope with a small puppy in a backpack.
9: Sheep grazing in an open grassy field. 
9: A man in leather straddles an old motorcycle
9: A picture of a variety of refrigerators on display. 
9: A plate full of noodles and broccoli, next to a knife and fork.
9: a black suitcase sitting in a hallway by some doors 
9: A park with many kits being flown by people
9:  girl hold onto her kite in a field. 
9: a red metal water bottle sitting next to a computer keyboard
9: Two strains stopped at a station, attached to tracks and overhead wires.
9: Two cats sitting on and next to a laptop.
9: An elephant walks in an open grassy field.
9: Stuff teddy bears is sitting at a table bench with each teddy bear have a plate of food.
9: A bowl of bean and fresh vegetable delight
9: A magazine lays open on a round bed.
9: a female with a tattoo and three donuts on a tray
9: An elephant walks amongst the rocks and grass.
9: A young woman looking at her cell phone.
9: a person that is taking a picture in a mirror
9: A small airplane is flying in the gray sky.
9: Large bus transporting on a open road into a city.
9: A wall dedicated to white cloth with suitcases out front
9: A person sitting in the grass facing a group of people.
9: Chair at a desk in the corner with lamp, monitor, keyboard and mouse on top.
9: A woman is laying on the bed in stockings with her skirt pulled up.
9: A fence with many signs and a guard rail.
9: A path next to a street in winter.
9: A child with a backpack underneath an umbrella.
9: A train that is sitting on the tracks.
9: There is a cat looking at the television screen.
9: A row of urinals stand beneath a open window.
9: There is a young child playing in the waves at the beach.
9: The building with the flags shines bright at night. 
9: A crop dusting plane next to grassy field and tree.
9: A cute baby elephant looking at a white bird.
9: five zebras stand in a field of  trees and plants 
9: A man wearing sunglasses drinks from the wine glass
9: A close up of a ceramic bowl that has been painted.
9: Construction going up in industrial section of city.
9: Black and white photo of dog sitting in window.
9: baseball players playing base ball on a open field 
9: A piece of cake is sitting on a plate with a fork sticking out.
9: A desk with two computer screens and a Cecil Cooper bobble head.
9: a green and white water plane flying over the water
9: a cow standing next to a wooden stall on a green grass field.
9: A bottle of soap on a sink under a mirror. 
9: A backside view of an elephant standing in a brush.
9: A dairy cow and calf standing on a beach near an ocean.
9: A black cat licks some sugared doughnut holes.
9: A truck leads many people in orange dresses down a street. 
9: A cat laying down on the arm of a couch.
9: Small group of giraffes in open field in native land.
9: Old time photo of a male tennis player, posed with a stare.
9: a page left open on  a laptop on a cluttered desk.
9: A man is surfing down a wave in the ocean.
9: A bus parked on the side of the road letting passengers on. 
9: A kitchen with wooden cabinets and black counters.
9: A man holding a yellow pole next to a woman in a living room. 
9: Peeled and chopped carrots and whole peeled potatoes.
9: A man has his face up to a cat on a suitcase.
9: A pancake with vegetables piled up on it
9: Horses and jockeys running on a racing track.
9: a cat laying on a television with its leg hanging over the edge
9: A couple of horses that are carrying backpacks on their backs.
9: Three children eating pizza with adults behind them.
9: Some pretty girls sitting on a blanket in the grass.
9: A man holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court 
9: Two men lead an elephant down a road beside a building.
9: An adult bear and two bear cubs wander through a field.
9: A yellow and green train going down a track near a platform.
9: An image of boats, and ferries on water.
9: A firetruck parked outside a building in the city
9: A man is taking a bite out of a sandwich
9: three oranges sliced up and laying side by side
9: A cat sitting down smelling a piece of food a person is holding out to it.
9: two people walking on a street holding an open umbrella
9: The bathroom has very white appliances in it.
9: The two sheep are out in the field with snow on the ground. 
9: Bananas and pears and peaches at a fruit market
9: a cat is laying down in a white bowl
9: A dog and a cat with the kitten on a stool.
9: A pink puppet toy with googly eyes on a hanger.
9: Friends gather an at airport while holding their luggage.
9: a green truck on a flatbed truck behind a fence
9: A cell phone, ear buds, and two jewels laying near each other.
9: A group of people standing with some remotes.
9: Cattle grazing at bottom of valley with mountains rising high above
9: a stop sign with alot of  writing on it
9: There is a big horn sheep standing on the rocky side of a mountain.
9: A car stops to pay a parking fee to a woman
9: Two horses stand under a tree near a fence. 
9: A giraffe standing alone in a large green field.
9: An outdoor baseball diamond and batter with arms and bat outstretched.
9: A desk with two monitors depicting security cameras.
9: Crowded market street filled with pedestrians holding umbrellas in the rain 
9: a baseball player that is at home plate
9: A man holding an umbrella next to a waterway.
9: A skateboarder is balancing on a set of steps.
9: A Frisbee golf net in a park with several Frisbee in it.
9: A stop sign with the mountains in the background.
9: A man is taking a picture in a mirror. 
9: Two blue buses parked at a bus stop.
9: A fall arrangement of flowers has a raffia bow.
9: Two men play against each other in a tennis match.
9: A young girl who is getting breakfast in bed.
9: A man up at bat and getting ready to hit the ball.
9: a tiny pair of scissors next to a coin
9: A book and a few bowls in a case by a window.
9: Man catching a frisbee on a beach in front of a house
9: A person wearing a safety vest rides a horse up the staircase.
9: A traffic light with a thirty one street sign next to it.
9: There is a sign next to the tree.
9: A man is sitting at a kitchen counter using a computer.
9: A sailboat cruising down a body of water.
9: a kid in jeans doing a skatboard trick down steps
9: A red train traveling past a white train.
9: Adult men in field of tall grasses with flying disc.
9: A man holds a Wii remote with a nun-chuck attachment. 
9: A man riding on a motorcycle with three stuffed teddy bears attached to the motorcycle.
9: Man taking a turkey out of the oven with mitts.
9: A group of elephants wade in a river as people sit or stand nearby. 
9: Three women sit on the beach with two of them holding onto some umbrellas. 
9: A woman is walking across the street near a traffic light.
9: A computer and some glassware sitting on a wood floor.
9: A living room set is displayed next to a large window with a view of a wooded area.
9: Spectators watching a man swinging at a tennis ball.
9: A dog is sleeping on a couch next to a person
9: A bride and groom cutting a wedding cake while the photographer gives directions.
9: A big bathroom with glass doors and a sheer curtain.
9: Bread, vegetables, and cider on top of a kitchen counter.
9: a couple of airplanes that are parked on the runway
9: a yellow train approaching along the train tracks
9: A photo taken from one vehicle of another at an intersection.
9: A black cat is in the middle of a kitchen floor.
9: THERE IS A WALL CLOCK ABOVE THE MANTEL PIECE 
9: Three horses grazing on the side of the road near a road sign.
9: A little boy sitting in a field holding a bat.
9: A train rides the tracks next to a road.
9: Many pedestrians are walking across the city street.
9: A bathroom with a toilet, sink and mirror.
9: A truck with many painted decorations is parked in a desert.
9: A piece of cake is on a plate with an American flag stuck in it.
9: A person on a court with a tennis racket.
9: A extra large pizza half pepperoni and half something else
9: There are some suitcases on a bench in an airport
9: Two white boats on dock next to large tan building.
9: A group of hockey players engaged in a game.
9: a close up of a person holding food
9: A little boy is reaching out to touch an elephant's trunk while another elephant watches.
9: A person in full leather riding a motorcycle with a stuff animal on the back.
9: An old computer that has been decorated. 
9: The city bus looks like it was in a accident on the road.
9: Woman in a red tutu with a bicycle on a European city street
9: A man about to cut out a piece of cake
9: A man smiles as he adjusts the collar of his shirt.
9: A vegetarian stir fry being cooked with mushrooms.
9: Did the pilot have to ditch his airplane near the train tracks?
9: a dog is laying upside down on a bed
9: Two zebras roaming through the terrain in a countryside setting.
9: A couple of zebras are grazing in a field
9: The beach is crowded with many excited surfers.
9: A man riding a surfboard in the ocean on a wave.
9: A white sink sitting on a bathroom tile wall under a broken mirror.
9: these two elephants look like they are fighting 
9: a couple of people on four horses walking the streets 
9: A wooden dining table is surrounded by windows.
9: A kitchen with a sink, toilet and bathtub.
9: a public transit bus on a city street 
9: A person on a skateboard with his arms in the air
9: The statue of two pelicans has a clock above it.
9: The armoire looks large next to the bookshelf.
9: A statue in front of a building with several statutes on it.
9: Several empty boats floating on the river on a cloudy day.
9: A few bikes with a cat in the middle of them
9: A woman and kids on a beach with a large rocky area in background.
9: The yellow and green train is rounding the curve of the track.
9: a man that is skateboarding on a big ramp
9: Large group of people outdoors with their motorcycles.
9: Two buses driving on a brick road near buildings. 
9: Several children and some adults celebrating a birthday party.
9: some chairs and people on a roof flying a kite
9: A zebra and its foal stand in a small pond.
9: A man holding a tennis racquet on a court.
9: Dock with three moored boats in a resort setting.
9: Motorcyclists riding their bikes on a hot summer day.
9: A table holding a white plate with bananas and a brown glass.
9: a field that has a bunch of kites in it
9: Two yellow bananas laying on a counter top.
9: A blue train sitting next to a tall yellow building.
9: A table topped with two bowls filled with fruits.
9: Stir fry chicken and broccoli on a plate on a table.
9: A covered mattress is on the floor of a tent.
9: Three women walking and one is holding a umbrella.
9: The ripe bananas are sitting in the brown basket.
9: A vase filled with purple flowers and green plants.
9: A banana sitting on top of a white plate.
9: A green light on a traffic light at the side of a road.
9: Two women dressed in costumes, with one holding tennis racket.
9: A bird perched on a sign in front of a river.
9: a man laying on a boogie board on the bottom of a wave
9: A bird that is sitting on a ledge.
9: A pizza on top of a plate with mushrooms.
9: The boy is playing video games in his bedroom.
9: A zebra and a giraffe standing in some dirt near some rocks.
9: A man preparing to hit a tennis ball with his racket.
9: A snowboarder flies high in the air in a snowy, mountainous area.
9: a woman is a green jacket is in the snow
9: An antique locomotive steam engine on display at a museum.
9: A dog is laying on a messed up bed.
9: A cat is drinking out of a cup in front of a computer.
9: Two elephants drink water out of a body of water
9: Three apples still growing on a tree branch with some worm holes.
9: A parking lot with cars and motorcycles at walmart. 
9: People crossing a metro city street with a large advertisement in the background.
9: A white cat is laying on a laptop computer.
9: A man holding on to a para sail handle being lifted into the air over the ocean.
9: A tower with a clock situated in a harbor. 
9: A group of people in a boat sitting in the water.
9: A man serves food from plates of meat and vegetables.
9: Two large vases with paintings on the side of them.
9: A picture taken through a phone camera while the phone was vibrating.
9: A blue bicycle with a black basket on the front of it
9: Some people at the beach that are going parasailing
9: A girl with a camera photographing some food.
9: A cat sitting in s potted plant by a window.
9: Two men in solider uniforms run to an outhouse where a chicken sits on a toilet and a polar bear approaches from the other side of the outhouse.
9: A group of people sit at tables to eat a Christmas meal.
9: The front of a store that has a large teddy bear in the window.
9: A man and woman holding a pink frisbee standing by a sign advertising a Frisbee disc golf course.
9: A lone duck with a colorful beak swims through the water.
9: a banana and two oranges sit on a tray next to a bowl and a plate
9: There is some food and a fork on the plate.
9: A couple of hotdogs that are on a table.
9: A young man sits at a booth with a fork in his hand, and a plate of sandwich with salad in front of him.
9: Two old weathered pieces of luggage stacked on top of each other.
9: A cat walking around a couple pots of grassy moss.
9: Two women are cutting and serving cake at a party. 
9: The man is looking at his digital camera.
9: A large group of people standing near some rocks.
9: Rural train depot, level crossing and buildings 
9: A man taking a bite of a sandwich without using his hands 
9: A close up of a grassy beach showing an umbrella and wind board.
9: A yellow room with a ceiling fan and covered furniture. 
9: An office with a multiscreen computer on the desk
9: A man holding a tennis racquet next to a tennis ball.
9: A dog laying in bed next to a laptop.
9: A colorful umbrella sitting on top of a body of water.
9: A person who is all bundled up standing in the snow on skis.
9: An approaching train is seen through some trees.
9: A bus parked outside and below an illuminated Apple sign.
9: A mouse, keyboard and remote control sitting on a desk.
9: A clear tube containing a flower sits on the floor.
9: A three course meal is sitting at the table in perfect formation.
9: A mushroom, pepperoni, pepper pizza on a cooling rack.
9: a person in a field with a dog jumping in the air
9: A clock set onto the face of an old stone building.
9: a couple of pizzas are on some plates
9: Chairs on a wall with a clock above them.
9: A group of people that are sitting around a table.
9: A man standing next to an elephant, with his hand touching the trunk.
9: Two people on skis going through the woods.

9: A road sign standing near a telephone pole
9: Person sitting on floor under large open umbrella. 
9: A man and a woman sitting next to a boy watching something with great attention.
9: Citrus heights water district building with large orange sculptures and a flagpole.
9: A woman has served herself a slice of pizza on a plate.
9: Street scene of black fire hydrant in front a dumpster with graffiti on its side.
9: A large and a small teddy bear at the teddy bear museum.
9: A white sign with the word "frizerie" in red writing in front of a run down building.
9: A man and a Dachshund at a table with Indiana Jones Legos.
9: Most of a flat bread pizza topped with vegetables.
9: Woman and man waiting near the rails as a subway rushes by.
9: A hot-dog with chili is sitting in a styrofoam container next to a serving of mustard.
9: A man is lying down and holding a stuffed blue teddy bear.

9: A cat is looking out a window in front of some blinds.
9: a living room with chairs a fire place and paintings on the wall
9: A zebra standing behind a cut log in an enclosure.
9: Close up of stuffed bear and plant combination.
9: A group of kids sitting down while one holds a bat.
9: A baseball player swinging his bat during a game.
9: A lot of books that are inside of a shelf.
9: A baseball field in which a man in a green shirt is standing up in the crowd.
9: Several stop lights are hanging on wires in the city.
9: Surf boarder standing on a surfboard in calm water.
9: A man and woman are looking at a computer screen.
9: Someone is holding up a hot dog with cheese on a bun.
9: A baseball batter swinging at a baseball pitch.
9: A cooked pizza sitting on a pizza pan 
9: Student sitting on the floor using a plugged in laptop.
9: A group of elephants around a feeder in an enclosure
9: A young man tossing a frisbee on top of a beach.
9: A train conductor standing next to a group of bikes.
9: Two girls are sitting on a bench with adog standing besides them.
9: A man riding a skateboard in the middle of the street
9: a group of men walking across the street
9: a baseball player throwing a ball at a person
9: some black suitcases standing by a white fence 
9: A polar bear diving off an outcrop of rocks into the water.
9: A traffic light with the walk sign lit up on a pole.
9: a photo showing a plane that is near the ground
9: An animal that is looking at a tree around some dirt.
9: A recipe article with a picture of various food items above the recipe text. 
9: A man holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.
9: A woman cooking food at a skillet on a stove.
9: a wooden bench and some kites on the air
9: A tennis player taking a swing a the ball during a tennis match.
9: There are several zebras grazing near the water as a bird flies over them.
9: A bear walks alone on a dirt road in the bush.
9: A stuffed animal is sitting at the head of the bed.
9: A random Giraffe is standing in front of a double door. 
9: The sandwich, other food, and fork sit on the plate.
9: A dog is examining a stuffed toy on a rug.
9: A dog rides on a motorcycle while a man walks behind.
9: An airplane flying near the ocean and two tall buildings.
9: a close up of packaged baked good for sale 
9: A man flying through the air while riding a snowboard.
9: a couple of boats and a red car
9: A remote and cup held by a woman with glasses
9: Group of cars passing by a long row of apartment buildings. 
9: people holding onto umbrellas while walking down a wet road 
9: Stop signs at an intersection indicating you can not turn in either direction.
9: Ovens in  a kitchen and a number of packed items
9: a person riding a surf board on a wave
9: A man in a gray coat cuts a cake on a table.
9: someone is cutting open an envelope with scissors 
9: A silver train on the train tracks between buildings.
9: A man with skis and poles walking up a snowy hill
9: A team of baseball players are gathered closely together.
9: Vintage oven with door open and writing "Tips & Techniques Oven Settings"
9: People are sitting on the sand at the beach 
9: A group of people standing in front of a Inn.
9: A table full of little glass flower vases
9: A herd of cattle that are standing in a field.
9: A big fat sandwich sits on a white plate ona  table by a potted plant and an ash tray.
9: A zebra eating grass inside a fenced in area. 
9: a tall clock tower with a sky background
9: A baseball catcher with a mitt returns the ball. 
9: A sink with a mirror above it has a bottle of soap and toothbrushes on it. 
9: A fluffy white dog stands next to a planter in the back yard. 
9: A woman on a surfboard with a wet suit on while a man stands in front of her surfboard. with his wet suit on. 
9: A small kitten and dog smelling each other
9: A runner poses beneath a "Run for Rights" sign in a green city park. 
9: A person flying a kite on the beach. 
9: A person in a snow sporting event  is going rapidly down this show chute-type course as people watch from the sidelines. 
9: Ducks and geese walking down the path while people are coming
9: An Intersection cross walk at Greene Street featuring the 'walk' light
9: A sink is shown in a small bathroom
9: A woman opens the lid of a laptop built into a suitcase.
9: A man with a catcher's mitt reaches out to catch a baseball.
9: A young child who is touching the trunk of an elephant.
9: A bunch of small red flowers in a barnacle encrusted clay vase 
9: A passenger train that is traveling down railroad tracks.
9: A few cars are approaching an in intersection.
9: Three females walking out onto the ocean with their surfboards
9: A small toasted item  with toppings on a plate.
9: A silver and blue passenger train traveling through a heavily vegetated area.
9: A black and white curtain hanging in a room that is decorated in black, white and red.
9: The same woman in several different poses in a living room.
9: Two giraffe standing next to each other on a grass field.
9: Head of two giraffes with one slicking the bark on a tree.
9: An outdoor plaza is surrounded by tall white buildings.
9: a woman at a liquor store looking at her cell phone 
9: This kitchen is well decorated but not colorful.
9: a bathroom with a painting above the toilet
9: a woman in the water sort of watching a man surfing a wave 
9: A male tennis player prepares to serve on a clay court.
9: Two cute girls with a scooter and tennis raquet.
9: A cat behind a cactus, in front of a window.
9: A jockey is on top of his horse number 6.
9: A man is swinging at a baseball at the batting cage.
9: A man standing outside on the grass at night making body motions.
9: A bathroom with green tiled walls and a toilet.
9: A motorcyclist performs a wheelie on the street. 
9: Passengers exiting a colorful city bus at a bus stop.
9: A SMALL LIVING WITH REFRIGERATOR AND A DEEP FREEZER
9: A man riding a skateboard up the side of a ramp.
9: The black cat is sitting on the arm of the chair.
9: A baseball game outside on a nice day with fans.
9: Three black and white pictures depict rock, paper, scissors.
9: Seven people seated at table talking and working on computer devices.
9: a large cruise ship parked next to some other ships
9: A motorcyclist makes a turn as another motorcyclist follows. 
9: Two giraffes in the savannah with buses in the background.
9: A girl riding a skateboard on the sidewalk
9: A young baby who has been placed in a suticase
9: The man is snowboarding or walking in the dark.
9: A tennis player is swinging his racket to hit a ball.
9: A person is taking two girls across the street.
9: A picture stacked with various things all inside. 

9: Three persons seated on a bench near a pool of water
9: A building with clock and a weathervane on top.
9: An airplane sits on a runway at an airport.
9: A vase sitting on top of a table with flowers in it.
9: Bright pink blossoms indicate the start of spring.
9: a lady with an umbrella walking her dog in the rain
9: A man sitting next to a woman at a table with laptop computers.
9: A tower has some clocks on it and it is night time.
9: A man skateboards down a road in front of a tractor. 
9: A blanket with various items that include a mouse, computer hard drive and a keyboard.
9: A body of water containing boats, kayaks and people.
9: An airplane being serviced at the airport apron connected to the boarding walkway.
9: a bowl of tomato soup with two grilled cheese sandwiches on a plate 
9: A pitcher throws a pitch to an awaiting batter. 
9: A pastry bar with samples of baked goods.
9: There are people standing on the tennis court.
9: an image of a person that is up in the air
9: A long train traveling along train tracks in a train yard.
9: A person with two surfboards on a sandy beach.
9: Three empty benches face each other beneath a canopy.
9: Four bowls filled with various fruits and vegetables.
9: A kite flying over a large flying united states flag.
9: landscape of a bench overlooking a body of water and mountains in winter
9: A red car on street with utility vehicles in background.
9: An elegant style bed with white drapes hung from the top.
9: A tennis player serves the ball in front of an audience. 
9: A faded out stop sign on the street.
9: A far away shot of a kitchen with a piano in the foreground 
9: A parked motorcycle sitting near a parking lot in the sun. 
9: a photo of a baseball player, taken by Walzl's imperial portrait studios.
9: many large kites being flown in the air with a sky background
9: Two cats rest on top of a computer desk.
9: A bed is unmade with pillows on it.
9: A bird is perched on a branch of a tree.
9: A man sitting on a barrel and talking on a cellular phone. 
9: This an old fashion picture of three original girl scouts.
9: a person hitting a tennis ball with a tennis racket on a tennis court.
9: a parking meter with a little paper man on the top of it. 
9: One baseball player is returning to the dugout, another is ready to bat.
9: A man and woman brushing their teeth and taking a selfie photo with a camera in a bathroom mirror.
9: This pizza is a feast with mushrooms, black olives, pepperoni, and cheese
9: A chocolate cake is on a plate with some ice cream. 
9: A handing holding a group of small bananas.
9: The boy rides the skateboard on the rail. 
9: A variety of black and white photos are shown.
9: A closeup of an elephant near the water.
9: A person cutting food with a fork with chopsticks balanced on the plate. 
9: A cow in a field behind a single line of chicken wire. 
9: Large tour boat making its way across the water with a city scene in the backgorund
9: Office signs help provide guidelines for shared appliances.
9: A kitchen blender with a green liquid in it.
9: A blue and white trolley traveling down the street
9: The airplane is flying high above many clouds.
9: Dishes filled with sushi, fruit, and vegetables on a table.
9: An airplane is taking off at an airport.
9: A zebra standing next to a fence in front of some trees.
9: Person with an umbrella in bright day-glow green rain gear crossing a busy street in the rain.
9: Two blue and yellow train engines parked on the tracks.
9: A baseball player taking a swing at a ball
9: Man sitting on a surf board in the middle of a sandy beach.
9: A giraffe stands in a zoo enclosure with zebras in the background.
9: A bench sitting on top of  a lush green hillside.
9: a tennis player swinging a racket at a ball
9: A group of people walking down a sidewalk by a large advertisement on the wall.
9: A lighted intersection with a home on the corner.
9: A yellow train driving through the brush on railroad tracks.
9: A chair sitting in the middle of a floor
9: A man holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.
9: A line of police motorcycles driving down the road.
9: there is a sink and shower/bathtub in the room
9: A woman wearing a pink jacket and talking on a phone.
9: a guy going out to the wave and a guy coming in on a wave
9: A black and white cat sitting on someones' desk.
9: Three zebras walk in a row through the brush.
9: A dog sitting near the window looking out of a brick building.
9: A group of girls eating pizza on a couch.
9: A motorcycle and rider are in mid air.
9: A STREET IMAGE WITH A BUS AND CARS ON IT
9: There is a man who is holding a boogie board.
9: A close up of a commercial refrigerator with food.
9: A large statue of roman people and lions with a blue and gold clock in the middle.
9: A meal of a salad, sandwich and fries is on the table.
9: A baseball player getting ready to swing a bat at a baseball park as an audience watches.
9: an image of a plate of desert topped with ice cream
9: Large sign at a bus stop on a darkened street.
9: A man and a woman smile at the camera.
9: a truck on a city street in front of another vehicle
9: There are three clocks pictured with a glass.
9: A boy playing baseball waiting for a pitch
9: A large red truck parks in front of a building. 
9: A man doing tricks on his skateboard. 
9: A man with a Wii remote stands in an immaculate living area.
9: A bright cheesy pizza is still in the pan.
9: Four people are standing outside a large "Sone" building. 
9: Two elephants standing on top of a lush green field.
9: A family on an outing, pulling kids in a wagon.
9: Brown pelicans rest on a mangrove tree near the water.
9: A painted school bus reads "Van Gogh Museum Bus".
9: A big old bus parked in a yard in the grass 
9: A man in white shorts stands near a large television screen with a remote.
9: A black and white image of an old fire hydrant on a side walk.
9: A dirty bathroom  with brown liquid on the floor and toilet. 
9: A red apple sitting next to a knife with a black handle.
9: A snow skier is going through the glassy snow.
9: A group of elephants in grass next to water and trees.
9: A group of sheep surrounded by three dogs.
9: A motorcycle with its brake extended standing outside
9: An old fashioned refrigerator surrounded by modern cabinets
9: a tennis player throws up a tennis ball to serve the ball
9: a male tennis player in a blue shirt is playing tennis
9: The dessert is next to a glass of orange juice.
9: A man is dressed in a long collar shirt with tie and hat. 
9: A man and women who are playing video games.
9: People standing around a bench on a city sidewalk.
9: a cell phone leaning against a tall cup
9: A bathroom with slippers facing the toilet. 
9: a toilet with a black lid and the tank in the air
9: Two beach chairs and an umbrella on a beach.
9: a dirty mattress lying in an overgrown lot in front of a vandalized truck
9: A man on the toilet drinking a beer and smoking a cigarette. 
9: Person wearing a red costume talking on a cellphone. 
9: A polar bear submerged in clear blue water. 
9: A red fire hydrant located between heavy vegetation.
9: A young boy sitting on a blue toy tractor with sheep next to him and the shadows of people casting down on the ground next to him.
9: Two airplanes that are sitting on the asphalt.
9: Two giraffes, one sitting the other standing, in a park.
9: A sign marks the directions to "New Street Station" surrounded by several multi-story buildings and a single multi-story house.
9: A group of signs that are near a wall.
9: Tall clock tower outside by the street lights
9: a kitchen with a sink a stove and cupboards
9: A fire hydrant has been spray painted white at the bottom.
9: A unique glass basin is part of the bathroom sink.
9: a person riding skis holding on to a parachute
9: a fire hydrant sits next to a city street 
9: Lettuce, a knife and tomato slices sit on a cutting board.
9: a little girl holding onto a colorful kite at a carnival 
9: A group of men are holding baseball bats and are in a baseball batting cage while the pitcher is ready to throw the ball.
9: A train is rounding the train tracks at a station.
9: A bright computer screen inside of a room.
9: A stainless steel refrigerator with a freezer in a kitchen.
9: A person carrying a surfboard on the beach at sunset.
9: Three cows eating in a field with sea in background.
9: A sink and toilet basin in a toilet with a toilet paper
9: Cubicle desk with computer and various items on desk.
9: A kid on a field in the evening with a Frisbee.
9: A man throwing a frisbee into a frisbee golf basket.
9: The bathroom has a toilet and a double sink.
9: Assorted donuts are on a green and white plate.
9: a cup of coffee and a paperback book on top of a table 
9: A bed sitting next to two dressers and a chair by a window.
9: A dog being blow dried by a groomer.
9: Two slices of pizza are sitting on a paper plate.
9: a man and a woman are standing at a table
9: A bland living room with white walls and beige furniture.
9: a dog is holding a yellow disc in its mouth
9: Two bottles of wine and two glasses filled with each flavor.
9: Purple flowers sit in a vase atop an outdoor table.
9: A red fire hydrant is next to a public water fountain.
9: A busy airport with many people walking around.
9: several sail boats in the water at night
9: A vanity and toilet are in a bathroom under a mirror.
9: a street sign below a bunch of power lines 
9: A cat is lying down in a sink in the bathroom.
9: A large and small giraffe are looking at something while standing next to a log.
9: A woman in a red jacket is playing tennis.
9: A dog has came up from underneath a picnic table and rests his arms.
9: A plane sits in a perimeter of safety cones.
9: A bunch of furniture in a living room with decor
9: A table is full of desserts including cakes, pies, and cupcakes.
9: A plane is flying while a jet soars in the distance.
9: Bananas hanging on tree in their natural form.
9: A cat curled up sleeping on a bed.
9: A wooden bench outside of a brick house.
9: A young person in a red winter suit skiing down a snow covered hill.
9: A man in an orange jacket talks on his cell phone.
9: Cute little girl dressed for rain and holding an opened umbrella
9: A clock hangs on the side of a clock tower.
9: there is a large pizza with many toppings on it
9: a person with a tennis racket and a ball
9: A British ferry boat on the water next to the shore.
9: A large bull by a calf surrounded by many birds.
9: A dog watching a television that is displaying a picture of a dog.
9: A kitchen with refrigerator, sink, and island looking into the next room.
9: A wooden cutting board topped with carrots and a knife.
9: A polar bear shaking water off its head in a pool of water.
9: a toilet sits next to a shower and sink 
9: Someone who is cutting a cooked pizza with a pizza cutter.
9: A gray remote control sitting on a desk
9: people sitting at restaurant tables talking and eating 
9: A couch and table sit in a living room.
9: A group of giraffes in a dirt enclosure.
9: A man riding a red motorcycle with a young boy on back.
9: A man holds a Wii controller as a boy looks on.
9: A man holds an object as he looks at himself in the mirror.
9: Two women shake hands over the tennis net.
9: Five planes are flying in formation in the sky.
9: A Frisbee player is mid air above a wet sandy ground.
9: A herd of zebras stand together in the tall grass.
9: A man in a wheel chair who is holding a baseball bat.
9: A large mirror behind a sink and toilet in a small bathroom.
9: A  large  dog laying under a work desk in an office
9: An elderly man wearing a white button down shirt and a black bow tie smiling.
9: A brick tower with a clock on the two visible faces
9: a group of people on skis skiing down a mountain
9: A bowl filled with butter and flower and a large fork.
9: A black cat sleeping with it's head on a laptop.
9: a child standing in front of a television in a living room.
9: A high statue with a clock inside on a very nice day.
9: A giraffe is standing in a fenced enclosure.
9: Man looking at cell phone with beverage in hand.
9: Two planes that are flying in the sky.
9: Two zebras eating grass behind an open fence.
9: Old wooden boat leaning up against the building
9: A group of cattle standing on a cement surface.
9: Two kitties bask in the warm sunlight filtering through the blinds.
9: A passenger bus pulls up to a bus station.
9: An apple computer with two keyboards and a mouse on a wild printed tablecloth.
9: A clean kitchen of a brand new house.
9: a black and white ship and a blue and white boat and water 
9: A room with a full wall of windows with multiple sofas and chairs.
9: A bus driving down a street beside orange cones.
9: A bunch of veggies are sitting and ready to be chopped.
9: A group of people at a costume party posing for a photo.
9: A group of cows are laying on a beach
9: The young man adjusts the collar of his suit.
9: A guy on a skate board on a steep ramp.
9: a stop sign most the way covered with water 
9: A large group of people eating around a table.
9: A giraffe standing next to three baby giraffes in a zoo exhibit.
9: some mend standing by a trolley car and regular car
9: Giraffe standing inside an open building with three doors. 
9: A skate boarder is doing a trick in an empty pool.
9: Man and woman in a kitchen looking in the same direction. 
9: A man holding a tennis racket while on the tennis court
9: a man rides a skateboard down the street
9: A cat standing next to an open box with pizza in it. 
9: A small child rushes along a sidewalk on a skateboard.
9: a small view into a bathroom with tiled floor and a toilet
9: A tall building with a clock tower that is lit up at the top.
9: A small bird perched on some thin branches.
9: A group of people riding on top of a long paddle boat.
9: A stop sign stands on the side of the road.
9: Fruits sit in containers, ready for sale in a store.
9: two people holding umbrellas in front of a building
9: a cat laying in the bathroom sink 
9: Plated food with bottle of wine and two glasses on kitchen table.
9: A tennis player in a red shirt and white pants.
9: A train on one of two of the train tracks.
9: A close up of a PDA, digital camera and a music player.
9: An open toaster oven with a glass dish of food inside.
9: A young person on a horse makes a jump.
9: A bench in front of a pier and sailboat.
9: Two women sitting at a table with a plate of pizza.
9: A bowl of beans, two hot dogs and slaw.
9: Adult man in shirt and tie playing drums at musical event. 
9: A man and woman are cutting a cake.
9: A little boy doing a kick flip on a skateboard
9: The skateboarder is jumping over the railing in a park.
9: A dog is floating on a boat in a river.
9: Some very pretty yellow furniture near a busy street.
9: A city bus in the parking lot of a building. 
9: Two people on a snowy mountain in skis,
9: Man with beard folding arms with tie over shoulder.
9: The person is holding a pair of green colored scissors.
9: A train track on the road with a street sign
9: A kitchen is decorated with red bows and greenery.
9: A pair of scissors that is on something that measures forty centimeters. 
9: Young women brushing her teeth while looking into a mirror. 
9: A young woman riding a horse holding a flag
9: a guy skiing down a hill on some snow.
9: A man kneeling down near a little girl on a sidewalk.
9: Open kitchen and dining area with several windows with blinds open
9: A man spins a frisbee as the audience looks on.
9: A woman sitting next to a man on a couch.
9: A woman is holding two parrots in her hands.
9: Birds and windsurfers on a beach on a windy day.
9: A picture of an airplane from outside a window.
9: A refrigerator with a Super Mario and Zelda magnet on it.
9: There is a woman playing a game of tennis.
9: a fire hydrant with a face drawn on the front
9: A blender with a green liquid in it. 
9: A black and white dog jumping up catching a Frisbee.
9: Adults play on laptops and cell phones in a living area.
9: A lady is relaxing on a couch while using a laptop.
9: A great amount of people walking in a downtown area. 
9: Several sailboats are docked at a lake under cloudy skies.
9: A teddy bear lays in a bed resting it's head against a pillow.
9: A bike parked up next to a building
9: A close-up of the Seagull standing on the beach and ocean.
9: A yellow fire hydrant sitting in the middle of a bed of rocks.
9: A dog in the grass near a red fire hydrant.
9: A passenger bus with two levels parked in a lot.
9: A dog that is standing near a hydrant.
9: A pizza on a wooden plate during the day.
9: a close up of a plate of food near a drink
9: A soccer match on a university athletic field.
9: A parking lot of a train terminal on a cloudy day.
9: A three-tier plate rack holds tea sandwiches and hors d'oeuvres.
9: A traffic light hanging over a city street.
9: A cat sitting on top of a black chair next to a desk.
9: THERE ARE PEOPLE THAT ARE STANDING IN THE GRASS
9: A man in blue jersey throwing a baseball.
9: Boy standing in a dry lot with two calves.
9: a black cat sitting in a bathroom sink
9: A skier in all white standing in the snow.
9: a few people that are looking at their phones
9: A lot of computers that are on a computer desk.
9: Two people wearing helmets riding motor bikes in the woods.
9: A ram that is walking on some snow.
9: The produce area of a market with fruits and vegetables.
9: A bunch of cars driving through a busy intersection in front of a church.
9: A woman with glasses on laying in a bed with a gadget. 
9: many boxes of oranges in some kind of market
9: A bride and groom cut their wedding cake as others look on.
9: There are people walking down the street with umbrellas.
9: A young boy swings a bat during a children's baseball game.
9: The cop was standing on his bike for fun.
9: A STOP sign, a one-way sign and two street signs on a post.
9: an old jet fighter with a propellor sitting in a plane graveyard
9: A smiling woman in a wetsuit catches a wave on a surfboard
9: Tables with umbrellas outside of eatery on crowded city street.
9: A sign that gives directions to drivers driving down the road
9: A woman in formal riding attire on her horse.
9: A little girl flying a pink and purple kite with polka dots.
9: Two people sitting on a bench by a tree outside a building.
9: A chef getting ready to stir up some stir fry in the pan.
9: Antique looking locomotive train chuffing down the tracks
9: The woman is getting ready to serve in the tennis game.
9: A man in a suit using his laptop.
9: A motor boating speeding along the water on a beautiful day.
9: A restaurant dining room with tables, chairs, and place settings.
9: A rainbow of kayaks arrayed on the sand flats at the water's edge.
9: A young boy laying in bed holding Nintendo Wii controllers.
9: A man who is holding a tennis racket.
9: A man water skiing while holding on to a line. 
9: Long tables filled with people using laptops 
9: Toilet paper stacked on he back of the toilet
9: People are sitting around a table at a formal event.
9: A British Airways passenger jet is coming in for a landing.
9: A woman racing a brown horse while a man in a beige hat watches. 
9: A rocking chair with a cat walking past.
9: A car is parked in front of the fire hydrant near the grocery. 
9: a person sitting near many fruits in bucktes
9: A man and young child walk on the street next to a stop sign.
9: A stop sign at an intersection with a truck going by to the right 
9: A table has a menu and wine glasses on it.
9: A white van covered in spray paint and newspaper.
9: a picture of a group of pizza eating pizza
9: A man with large sunglasses has a sandwich.
9: A very elaborate cake decorated to look like a bear's forest dinner table.
9: A group of people eating rom a large sandwich.
9: a girl wearing a back pack using her cell phone
9: A woman with an umbrella is sitting in a lawn chair.
9: A fire hydrant stands on a dark road.
9: The cat is looking at its reflection in the mirror.
9: the hand holds the yellow bag of donuts
9: Man walking around side of truck with cows in back
9: a group of geese sitting next to each other in a body of water
9: A lone man in a red jacket stands on a green snowboard in the snow.
9: There is a plate of food and a pizza on a table.
9: A man with his arm stretched out with a mit in hand
9: Five kids playing outside with several frisbees on asphalt.
9: A table containing two pizzas covered with green beans and spinach next to a bottle of beer and a glass of wine. 
9: A couple of zebra walking across a beach.
9: A young man is holding his tennis racket. 
9: Several people walking around near a white van.
9: An orange, red and grey plane flying in the sky.
9: Three people riding horses on the shore. 
9: A girl skis first in a line of skiers.
9: A man with a tray of festive candy cane drinks.
9: Seasoned chicken sits on top of roasted root vegetables.
9: A man teaching a woman how to surf in the ocean
9: The prop plane leaves a trail of smoke behind it.
9: A wooden statue of a man sitting on a bench facing the ocean.
9: A group of people in a very busy hallway
9: A hand with a ring that is on a keyboard.
9: A stuffed rabbit with a headset on his ears. 
9: A red fire hydrant outside of an old stone structure.
9: Two men standing next to each other outside
9: Two pieces of meat and broccoli on a plate
9: A plate on chinese food including rice. 
9: A woman standing in the street surrounded my many colorful umbrellas.
9: A vintage photograph of a baseball player from Boston.
9: a table that has some bananas and a cup on it
9: A moving truck painted with graffiti is in front of a bank.
9: A corned beef sandwich on a bulkie roll
9: A blue bus parked in front of a building.
9: Two photos of a person riding a bicycle on the side of the road.
9: A person reaches out to pet a pony.
9: Some horse drawn carriages in front of a large building.
9: Man posing on a icy landscape while wearing skis.
9: The locomotive of a train is painted yellow.
9: A tennis player caught jumping up to hit the ball
9: A small jail cell filled with personal artifacts.
9: A kitchen with and island and several counters in it.
9: A donut with cream all over the top of it. 
9: A surfer cuts through a small wave in the ocean.
9: A beach area that has people on the sand and one person flying a kite overhead.
9: A purple train engine going under a pedestrian crossing.
9: A giraffe that is standing next to a car.
9: A large pile of snow with a stop sign and a street sign poking out.
9: A woman sitting in front of a restaurant table with pizza and other dishes.
9: Large empty field with two animals grazing and large trees in the backdrop.
9: A woman naps on the ground while a dog watches.
9: Children are watching while a dog chases sheep
9: A crowd of people are under a tent with a giraffe.
9: A giraffe approaches a small tree in the field.
9: A man riding a wave on a surfboard in the ocean.
9: A cat lying in a big teddy bear.
9: A man taking a swing at a baseball on a field
9: A gray cat standing on the top of a refrigerator.
9: A small airplane is being flown upside down.
9: A stream of smoke from a jet in the sky.
9: a waffle with bananas on it and other food on the table
9: A fire truck with a sign in its bed parked on the grass.
9: An elephant in the temple where people are looking at it.
9: A group of people are all at a table lined with computers.
9: a very big building with a long fence by it
9: A baby putting something in his mouth and happily.
9: many people riding bicycle in the park 
9: A COW KEPT IN A YARD IN A HOUSE WITH PEOPLE AROUND IT.
9: a bunch of zebras out in a grassy field
9: this is a train riding under a bridge
9: A bed with a wooden headboard is disheveled.
9: A living room that is do stated in neutral colors.
9: Cake decorated with candy on plastic lid displayed on table.
9: A man on a bicycle is carrying several tables.
9: A woman is skiing down a hill with safety netting.
9: Umpire makes a signal during a baseball game. 
9: An elderly man standing and holding a video game controller.
9: Spectators watch a tennis player stretch for the ball
9: A bed with a purple conforter next to a dresser and lamp.
9: three men around a table looking at an object.
9: A hat is upturned on some stacked luggage with a "Thank You!" sign.
9: A large group of people sitting a big table.
9: a stop sign with hammertime written on it
9: A runner leading off base to try and get to the next base.
9: A girl bundled up riding on a snow board.
9: The adult beige horse is standing close to a wooden fence.
9: a seagull on a beach near a large body of water
9: A woman's hand on a computer mouse with a domo kun in the background.
9: Some people riding bikes down a wide empty street.
9: Birds perched on green iron rails with a clock.
9: a person taking a photo in a mirror on a bed
9: A man rides a horse in the center of a road and many people stand nearby.
9: A mirror shot of a dog sitting in a car.
9: A vase of flowers on a dining table.
9: Fruit basket with mixed fruits sitting in it. 
9: A group of men standing around a white van on the side of a road.
9: animals standing along the shore in a line
9: A man skis down a very snowy mountain.
9: Three dogs walking togeher outside of a fence.
9: There is a room with various items in the picture.

9: A cat on the floor with knives laying around it.

9: A lighted statue in the middle of several smaller lighted ones.
9: Two women in a kitchen talking by the microwave. 
9: A white toilet in a bathroom sitting next to a sink.
9: A piece of fruit is under some glass
9: This tray includes several different items for a full breakfast.
9: Skiers congregate with a mountain in the background.
9: A woman placing bags into an old suitcase
9: A chair and a television in a room.
9: three people standing in front of a cake with a sword
9: A bathroom is nicely decorated with calming colors.
9: The church tower has a clock displayed for the people.
9: A traffic light on a pole on a street.
9: A wooden table with a  tablet and laptop on it.
9: A clock and sign on overpass with cars driving below. 
9: A small girl reaches down toward a soccer ball. 
9: Giraffes leaning down to drink at a watering hole
9: Bright yellow omelet sitting on a plate with other breakfast items. 
9: Apples and oranges are displayed at a fruit market.
9: A group of giraffes and zebras in a wildlife exhibit.
9: A bus picking up passengers on the side of the street.
9: Vase with flowers in water while some are drooping 
9: A woman sitting with another woman behind her with a computer. 
9: A male tennis player in action on the court.
9: A young man skateboarding over a flight of steps
9: Two women sit on a couch reading while a young man plays a video game.
9: A group of zebras drinking in the water together
9: A woman has her elbows on the table and is looking at something on a laptop. 
9: A kitchen counter with a microwave and a toaster oven on a shelf 
9: Plate of glazed doughnuts sitting next to a cup of coffee. 
9: a single bench in a large grassy area next to a river
9: A female tennis player about to serve the ball.
9: A sheep standing with a lamb in the grass.
9: A herd of elephants walking across a grass field.
9: A plate of pasta is shown with broccoli and ham.
9: A fork being held over a very cheesy pizza that's missing a slice. 
9: Young men playing soccer on a soccer field.
9: Traffic waits at a stop light, while pedestrians cross the street.
9: The clock tower is made from wooden support beans.
9: a man kneels on a skateboard on the street
9: a tennis player getting ready to hit a serve
9: A colorful painted vase filled with succulents between the wheels of a carriage. 
9: A blue and yellow train parked in front of a station.
9: Two buses moving along on a road during a sunny day.
9: A crowd of people standing on a field flying kites.
9: a woman sits in front of a parking meter 
9: A baseball player is getting ready to bat the ball as a catcher and umpire look on. 
9: Two small otters playing with a yellow frisbee.
9: a pole with street signs and a green light 
9: A group of cows are walking down the road.
9: A young person on a scooter in an urban area.
9: A close up of a woman holding a cell phone.
9: a cat that is laying down in a box
9: A woman stands in the forefront with some livestock behind her in a field near a house on the ocean.
9: A yellow fire hydrant sitting next to brown trees.
9: A girl stands on the beach with a horse.
9: a tennis player getting ready to swing a racket
9: Train sitting on ground next to a full track
9: A sunny beach with only one person skiing in the water and flying a kite.
9: The drapes of a window are open in the small bathroom.
9: people standing near a table with open pizza boxes
9: Black and white photograph of people floating on a rectangular pontoon
9: A view of a harbor with a massive flag pole and mountains in the distance.
9: A man is swinging a bat a a baseball
9: A small window in a wood walled bathroom
9: Lady talks on her phone in the living room
9: A traffic light hanging on a street pole
9: A food processor sit on a small table in a kitchen next to fresh vegetables and a colander of mushrooms.
9: many small boats in a narrow body of water
9: A man teaching a little girl how to boogie board.
9: A woman riding a wave on top of the ocean.
9: People who are sitting down and eating food. 
9: A row of bikes parked next to each other.
9: a green tour bus driving down the road
9: a person riding a motorcycle on a closed course
9: a broken stop sign bent over in some snow
9: A traffic light with a street sign hanging off of it's side.
9: A flock of birds standing on top of a large rock.
9: A train stopped at a train station with its doors open.
9: A bathroom has a toilet and a bidet side by side.
9: The hand is pointing a remote at a screen.
9: A woman leaning in and smiling at the camera.
9: A man surfing a wave in the ocean.
9: Small child holding a metal rod towards a baking oven. 
9: A young man pointing a remote at the tv.
9: A group of people stand in a circle talking.
9: an aerial view of trains traveling through a city.
9: a man taking a picture of the scenery on a beach
9: An older man standing on a surf board in the water.
9: Skiers get ready to ride down the mountain.
9: A vase with red flowers is sitting on a table.
9: A vase in a bathroom with one white flower in it.
9: A bird is wading in the shallow water.
9: A woman looking down on her phone in a shopping area.
9: A close up view of a cooked pizza.
9: A red headed woman is relaxing on a bench.
9: A single large bird glides with wings extended. 
9: A photo of an outdoor with many things in the scene.

9: A bunch of pretty light ornaments in a garden at night 
9: A table that has several plates of food on it.
9: A tranquil glow from a modern counter illuminates the bathroom fixtures.
9: A wood table full of plates, cakes, and deserts.
9: A metal bicycle has a wooden straw basket attached to it.
9: a child stepping up onto a school bus.
9: A fire hydrant is near people viewing a canyon. 
9: The girl with the baseball mitt is smiling. 
9: A group of chairs sitting in a living room by a window.
9: A person holding a cell phone in one hand and a camera in the other.
9: A kite is flying over the water of a bay.
9: A row of green mossy covered park benches.
9: A man standing on a lush green field holding a frisbee.
9: There are a lot of people flyi g the kite in the frass
9: A little boy standing  on top of a tennis court.
9: A plane flying  in a cloudless blue sky.
9: A happy birthday cake with train cars on aluminum foil on wood grain surface.
9: A mint green bus rides down the street.
9: A table is shown with chairs and televisions.
9: A windsurfer glides across choppy seas in the glistening sun. 
9: THERE IS A BOAT THAT IS SITTING ALONG SIDE THE BEACH SHORE 
9: A man throwing a tennis ball in the air for him to hit it with his racket. 
9: A small bathroom with no shower curtain or rug.
9: Baseball team mates and another player on the diamond.
9: Elephant crossing road in front of SUV vehicle,
9: a man taking a selfie as he brushes his teeth in the bathroom
9: An eccentric couple sitting in front of a laptop
9: A street scene with a motorcycle parked on the sidewalk.
9: A woman holds bags and a kite that resembles two boxes.
9: The scissors with black handles are sitting open.
9: there are three young children standing behind stuffed bears
9: a kitchen with brown cupboards and a tile floor 
9: An airplane parked at an airport parking spot.
9: A pizza of some sort on a pan.
9: People sitting on and walking by big black blocks on the sidewalk.
9: Large industrial style kitchen space with prep table and refrigerators 
9: There is a person handing on a street post looking down the street.
9: a bunch of cows are standing in a field
9: The man in the truck is walking towards the tree.
9: A red brid is on the mirror of a car
9: Food items displayed such as coffee cake, a pastry and a beverage in a glass cup.
9: An 023 airplane flying solo above blue terrain.
9: a fire hydrant that has dirty, brown water inside
9: Cat curled up, sleeping on a red plush couch.
9: A red bike is parked outside of a barred window.
9: some one walking with a umbrella over their head. 
9: A brown bear digging a hole in the dirt. 
9: Some people who are riding on a sail boat.
9: two children standing in th living room and playing the wii
9: A man walks a horse, while people take photographs.
9: A young skateboarder attempts to complete a trick.
9: A person is under the sink in a bathroom.
9: A bicycle is parked outside of a stone building with a cat lying next to it.
9: Skiers admiring the view from the top of the mountain
9: A woman preparing to swing her tennis racquet at an incoming tennis ball.
9: A guy sitting on his motorcycle conversing with a friend.
9: A young man surfing in the ocean waves.
9: The man stands close to a woman flying a kite.
9: A man in a vest is eating a banana.
9: People walk on the beach, with a hut in the distance.
9: A toll road with lots of separate booths sitting next to each other.
9: A skateboarder jumping off of a set of steps on a skateboard.
9: A picture of bronze statues of racing horses. 
9: A group of people standing and holding snowboards.
9: a sandwich on a plate near a half empty drink
9: A red double-decker bus stopped on the street.
9: a bedroom with a blanket and some pillows
9: A man standing on top of an elephant.
9: a person in red is on a pair of skis
9: Motorcycle in a parking lot with other motor vehicles.
9: a person taking a selfie in a bathroom mirror
9: A figurine with a plastic witches head is standing in front of a computer keyboard.
9: A man leads on the railing while food sits on the table.
9: A bowl filled with potatoes, beef and broccoli.
9: people on a boat that is in the water. 
9: A group of basket ball players in action on the court.
9: a tea pot is steaming on the stove top
9: A woman holding a suit case over a chute for luggage.
9: A Man poses with his skateboard in front of a mountain.
9: A street with a statue in the middle of a man holding two lights.
9: A plate that has cake on top of it.
9: a male in a white shirt and tie sand and water
9: The food was set out on the dining table and ready to eat.
9: A modern bathroom with toilet, bidet and wash basin
9: A kitchen and dining room are empty, but a light is on.
9: A bathroom with mirrors, a sink and railing with a towel draped over it
9: a person standing with an eye patch and luggage bags
9: A group of cows grazing outside of a building
9: A store that sells colorful kites and string to go with the kites.
9: A woman sitting on a bench with an umbrella on her head.
9: A bike is tethered to a pole in the snow. 
9: A doll at a toy desk with a sign that say Happy New Year
9: A tennis player in front of other people on the side lines.
9: Three surf boards with sails on them in the water. 
9: Surfer riding the height of a full wave.
9: A cup of coffee in a to-go cup and three pastries
9: A woman on a cell phone walks rapidly down a city street.
9: A skier stands ready with knees slightly bent and arms poised.
9: a black and white photo of a subway
9: Blueberry pancakes with slices bananas and glaze on top.
9: A woman on a tennis court is hitting a ball with a racquet.
9: A couple of zebra standing next to each other.
9: There is a toilet with a sign on the lid.
9: A man in grey sweater standing in front of a truck full of bananas.
9: A dog is lying on a bed in an open refrigerator.
9: A skier with a multi color jersey scaling a slope.
9: a male in a black shirt a cellphone and a bridge
9: Some sort of bowl vase sitting on table next to vase with a face carved on it.
9: two people playing in the park with a frisbee 
9: Vintage black and white picture of a classroom of school boys.
9: Two surfers riding the waves in the ocean.  
9: A musical keyboard with a laptop, monitor and other equipment sitting on a table.
9: Bedroom with double bed, laptop, desktop computer and desk with chair.
9: A plate holding a hamburger topped with tomatoes and onions.
9: a tall building with a sign in front of it 
9: MAN  ON A SKATEBOARD IN THE AIR, WITH A BLURRY BACKGROUND
9: Black tray with me investable sitting on top of the table. 
9: A man holding a Nintendo Wii remote control. 
9: A group of people boating down a river in a tropical area.
9: A man on a court swinging a tennis racket.
9: A group of horses standing next to each other.
9: a man catching a frisbee in a field.
9: A stove top with an oven with clock next to it's control knob.
9: Black and white photo of a long train.
9: A cat sitting on top of a toilet seat. 
9: A woman lying on a bed with blankets and pillows with two small dogs.
9: A man in a chair holding a laptop in his lap at a desk with a standard compute on it.
9: People walking around using their umbrellas in the snow. 
9: A man is on his surfing board, riding the waves. 
9: A woman giving a peace sign at a table.
9: a bunch of kites that are by a ocean
9: A man standing in a kitchen holding a white and red teddy bear.
9: A man opens his mouth toward a hot dog with mustard on it.
9: A man, a woman and a child walking.
9: A skateboarder is in the air doing a trick.
9: woman in bra and cowboy boots lays on the floor of a bathroom
9: A motorcycle rider with a helmet and safety gear on.
9: A group of children ride on an indoor train.
9: A black and white fighter plane flying over a grassy area.
9: A girl is holding a cell phone to her ear.
9: A clock tower stands in an area alongside storefronts.
9: A baseball team is warming up before a game.
9: A living room with baby toys on the floor
9: A pair of rusty, old scissors lays on the ground next to a post.
9: The train is traveling over the curved bridge.
9: A bathroom showing toilet, sink, and shower 
9: A box full of colorfully decorated cupcakes. 
9: Someone on an elephants back in the river
9: Is that a home run for this little baseball player?
9: A yellow motorcycle in parking lot next to other motorcycles.
9: a couple skateboarders doing trips at a skateboard park
9: A red pick up truck driving onto a freeway onramp.
9: A tall stuffed bear displayed in a store.
9: Two elephants standing in a field going nose to nose.
9: A picture of the stop sign at West Union Street in the evening.
9: A meal of beef, broccoli, and mushrooms is eaten with chopsticks.
9: A man wearing a white foofy hat with the words Happy NewYear on top of it.
9: Three bananas and two apples in a bowl.
9: Person paragliding and wakeboarding on ocean with tree slope
9: Two people cuddling on a small couch in a living room.
9: A man sleeping on a bed with a cat.
9: An overhead view of a living room that is decorated in white and gray. 
9: A series of photos of plates filled with food.
9: A pet is drinking out of a toilet bowl.
9: A young girl is combing her hair and looking at the camera. 
9: A man in shorts and a long sleeve shirt playing tennis.
9: three giraffes and some green bushes and trees
9: A cup, toothbrushes, and other items sit on the side of a small sink.
9: A man playing Wii in a dirty room. 
9: People are on the beach with kites flying.
9: A toddler with blue boots is sitting on the floor
9: A cat lays across an electric piano set.
9: a bus or train without a roof in the city
9: A little boy is doing a skateboard trick.
9: a close up of a cat in a cat bed with a teddy bear
9: black and white image of two women looking at a window display
9: A video game shows a collage of the avatar's career after winning the Grand slam in tennis.
9: A laptop with external keyboard, mouse, phone and photo on a desk.
9: A loaf of bread with something green baked in.
9: A woman with purple hair taking a picture of herself in a mirror.
9: A big bird standing on a wall stretching it's wings.
9: A woman eating a large slice of pizza.
9: Two men work on a surfboard as it sits on a table. 
9: A sliced pizza is being displayed on a plate. 
9: A person is sitting on a horse on a beach.
9: A white plate topped with broccoli chicken  covered in sauce.
9: A humorous scene of two storm troopers one with a normal pizza and one wit a large one.
9: A beach area with multiple people and kites in the sky.
9: An old wooden fishing boat moored at a dock
9: a close up of two plates contaning fish and carrots
9: a person standing on a surfboard with one leg while riding a wave.
9: some adults and a child are in a photograph
9: A railroad train passing by a passenger platform.
9: This is a black and white photo o fa steam train
9: Two cats sitting on a rug looking out of a window.
9: The public rest rooms are clean and ready for customers to use. 
9: Two men dressed in suits posing for a picture together.
9: A panting dog lays on the grass next to a toy.
9: a school bus is stuck in traffic behind a truck
9: A female tennis player is about to make a serve.
9: A stuffed animal teddy bear in a basket.
9: A woman sitting down at a table with a small white cake.
9: An elephant stands by a wooden fence in the sunshine.
9: two hands typing on a keyboard in front of a computer monitor.
9: A stop sign has a language that is not english.
9: People sitting at a table with a large sandwich in the middle.
9: There is a large herd of elephants by the watering hole. 
9: The red and blue sign wants to stop the war on workers.
9: A bookcase full of books with a keyboard laying against it
9: Camera men are filming a woman standing by the street.
9: a person on a motor bike rides down a road next to some cows
9: Two people on surfboards with one riding a wave towards the other.
9: A airplane that is sitting in the grass.
9: Two women with glasses on sitting at a table with notebooks, pencils and a cell phone. 
9: A black dual oven stove with controls on the top.
9: A morotcycle sits parked near a curb where two people are walking.
9: The man is on the edge to take a picture.
9: Two people standing at a food truck placing an order.
9: A group of girls playing soccer against each other.
9: Skateboarder performing aerial trick on partly cloudy day.
9: A long train on a narrow train track.
9: A man flying a cat in a park next to a tree.
9: A plate of noodles, broccoli, and some meat.
9: An elephant walking on a dirt road in the wilderness.
9: There is a row of kitchen cabinets with a microwave with it
9: A black and white photo of a small bird on a sidewalk.
9: Young man skateboarding, jumping up with skateboard also in the air.
9: Four children with their tennis gear at the tennis court.
9: Clothes hang on a line above the bed.
9: A man sitting in a train cart with a laptop.
9: A herd of sheep standing next to a dog in a field.
9: Someone is taking notes on their laptop in an auditorium.
9: A man getting ready to blow out candles around a group.
9: A woman holding a couple of ski poles and skis.
9: Breakfast items including juice are on the table.
9: A stereo and remote control sit on a desk.
9: Shirtless man in air doing trick on skateboard
9: A preschool boy looking at a computer while wearing headphones
9: A toy clock and cat sit on a boombox.
9: There is a dog staring at a plate of food
9: There is graffiti sprayed on the stop sign
9: A young boy holding a baseball bat near a batting cage.
9: A number of people walking past a row of buses.
9: A woman is wearing a shirt and tie, and has purple hair.
9: Lookers outside that are looking at a kite fly.
9: A kitchen with black and white checkered counter tops.
9: A passenger train that is traveling over a street on a bridge.
9: a person on a small boat with a paddle
9: A man swinging a baseball bat at a ball.
9: A female tennis player on grass about to serve
9: A black cat sitting on top of a wooden bench.
9: A large marble bathroom with mirrored closet and jetted tub.
9: Some cows and horses are outside grazing together.
9: A black and white cat sleeping near a window.
9: Two wooly sheep standing in a wooded area near some water.
9: THERE IS A WHITE CAT THAT IS SITTING IN THE PLAT EON THE TBLE 
9: A narrow city street is full of shops and people.
9: There is a zebra laying down in some sand 
9: The two elephants are walking through the tall grass.
9: There's a dog's head in a rear view mirror with sky and trees in the background.
9: A cake made to look like a hot dog sandwich.
9: A man throwing a frisbee in a different manner.
9: We see a blurry picture of a person riding a bike through a field with some cows.
9: A man in shorts is taking a picture next to a red light. 
9: An old, run down city bus sits parked, with rust.
9: A couple tenderly touch their foreheads together at their wedding
9: Purple graffiti on a white brick wall at a business
9: A couple of kids sitting on the ground with some food.
9: A garden with broccoli, tomatoes and other vegetables
9: Many bunches of bright yellow bananas hanging on display.
9: A dated kitchen reveals a wall hung faucet under a closed off window.
9: Police stand in a group on a street's sidewalk.
9: Photo of a bathtub with two towels placed on a rack at the far end of the tub. 
9: a black and white cat and a laptop
9: A white living room with black furniture and wood flooring.
9: A picture of a large stone clock tower.
9: A European toilet with seat up and a cleaning brush on the floor
9: A black and white photograph of a zebra grazing.
9: A woman taking a picture of a Christmas tree.
9: a pizza that is on a very messy table
9: A man taking a picture of himself as he brushes his teeth.
9: The group of people is riding on the back of the truck
9: A young boy on a surfboard being taught to surf.
9: A boy hitting a baseball with a bat
9: The long sandwich next to chips is cut into halves. 
9: The man is using a mouse looking at the computer.
9: People and luggage carts crowd the baggage carousel at an airport.
9: A picture of a cat watching a cartoon on TV.
9: Parasails glide above the blue water of the lake.
9: a plate that has some kind of sandwich on it
9: A man swings for a tennis ball in a tennis court.
9: A piece of cake sitting on top of a white plate.
9: There are two animals on the field with mountains far away. 
9: A woman is on skis on the ski slope.
9: a woman reading something while standing on a road and holding an umbrella.
9: A man siting down on the snow with his feet on a snowboard.
9: A meal is being displayed on a table.
9: A peson talks on a phone while playing on a computer
9: a mouse sits next to a keyboard in front of a speaker 
9: The man is cutting trees down outside. 
9: Toilet with raised lid with tub and chair in old bathroom. 
9: Several people are grouped together in a public area.
9: A table filled with food and surrounded by people.
9: Large sized dog laying down on the floor next to a large painting of the dog laying down.
9: A dog running on the beach with a Frisbee in its mouth.
9: Parks benches sit on the leaf covered ground overlooking the water.
9: A jet flying overhead appears to be coming in for a landing.
9: A person walking and balancing on the front of a surfboard, in a calm body of water, with a person standing in the water behind the board.
9: A man and woman cutting a cake at a table.
9: the boy is using his phone looking at a box
9: Several zebras in a zoo enclosure nibble on grass.
9: A passenger waits for a train arriving at the platform.
9: A group of children paddle in a canoe.
9: A large passenger jet flying over a park filled with cherry trees.
9: Two men wearing red shirts on a construction site on a city street. 
9: A bath tub sitting in a bathroom next to a wall.
9: A girl sitting in front of a cup and a cake with candles.
9: two small boats in a body of water 
9: two horses standing in the grass by a bighouse 
9: A Beagle walks alongside a boy in a motorized wheelchair.
9: skate boarders using an indoor facility course with an audience 
9: A parking meter with a man and two birds drawn on it.
9: A slice of pepperoni pizza on a white plate.
9: a close up of a light tower near a body of water
9: A baby goat drinking milk from a mother goat.
9: A bench with a memorial plaque and flowers on each side.
9: a lady is about to put an automatic tooth brush in her mouth
9: Rusty scissors standing straight up next to another rusty object.
9: Many small vessels in front of a large yacht.
9: A man walks across the street at a city intersection.
9: A commuter train pulling into the train station 
9: Different fixtures hang from the wall which boast a green dart board.
9: People holding surfboard standing around a wave pool.
9: A young child on skis being held up by an adult.
9: A plate with two halves of a sandwich next to a laptop and a keyboard.
9: A store on the corner with an American flag flying from it's side.
9: A red and blue fire hydrant covered in snow. 
9: Men are walking up and down the stairs.
9: A plane landing on a runway, in the middle of the day.
9: A set of three dummy heads with hats on top of their heads.
9: A man who is doing a trick with a Frisbee.
9: Two men wearing glasses and wearing suits. 
9: The transit train stretches down the track under the power lines.
9: A male on his bike that seems shocked.
9: A cat that is standing on the floor.
9: A tennis player is taking a wide overhead swing as the crowd watches.
9: a man is playing a video game while people watch.
9: a green and black city bus riding in the street 
9: A cow stands on a grassy are near a mountain. 
9: Stuffed bananas with faces are among the stuffed toys hanging in this outdoor market. 
9: two cup like things with a bird and a wolf painted on them
9: A street filled with traffic and men on bikes.
9: A LAPTOP LINKED WITH A SMALL SCREEN USING CABLES.
9: A bride with blue hair and a groom sitting on a bench together. 
9: A fruit filled silver basket consisting of bananas and oranges.
9: A woman sitting on a bench with a book in her lap.
9: Some parked airplanes and one airplane in the sky
9: Two women holding umbrellas are walking past a 7 Eleven store in a different  country. 
9: PEOPLE SITTING AROUND A TABLE AND ONE IS USING A BLENDER
9: A man standing at a table behind a rope
9: A few snowboards are leaning against a building.
9: One man is surprised and another man is smiling.
9: a cat rests its head and paw on a pair of womens shoes
9: A passanger train waiting to load more passangers.
9: From the rear, we see a horse standing between two cars parked in a parking lot.
9: A little girl is sitting in a restaurant eating pizza.
9: Black and white photograph of cow statues in yard.
9: A small child at a kitchen table eats a carrot.
9: a blue bus is coming down the street
9: A woman with earphones on a train using her phone.
9: A woman is standing outside in the snow holding a snowboard.
9: A woman walking across a sandy beach holding a little kite.
9: Two trains moving down the tracks next to each other . 
9: A cow standing by a damaged car in a field.
9: Street signs with a cartoon policeman in Shanghai
9: a better at the plate with the catcher and umpire behind him
9: Two men packing up ski equipment after a day of skiing.
9: Numerous vehicles traveling on a bridge over water.
9: an image of a pizza sign against a brick wall
9: The bedroom is decorated in a simplistic style.
9: a tray of french fries a baked potato and coleslaw 
9: A baseball player and a catcher at a baseball game.
9: A yellow bus parks near the median of a street.
9: A woman is running with a racket to hit a tennis ball.
9: A child stands with a bat at a base.
9: A one way sign has cluttered signs all around it.
9: A little girl holding a cup with food in dishes in front of her 
9: A large group of horses pulling two people on a carriage.
9: A bicycle with saddle bags pared by lake with boats on it.
9: A bathroom with sink, toilet, and shower in it.
9: Someone made a pizza in an old brick oven.
9: The clock is black with gold lettering on it
9: A person is windsurfing amongst some huge waves.
9: Tennis match in play with people in the stands watching.
9: Several luggage containers are tacked on each other. 
9: A baby in a wooden high chair eating.
9: A group of people in a wooded area with leaves on the ground playing frisbee golf.
9: A work desk with a laptop, a desktop, and books.
9: a red white yellow and green truck and some grass
9: Light and dark orange carrots next to a plate.
9: A sign for the state of Arizona on top of a rocky hillside.
9: Some women in helmets are riding in kayaks.
9: a group of people sitting around a long table 
9: Tow cats laying down looking out of the windows.
9: A young man is sipping a latte at a cafe.
9: A bus is coming that says 36 bonne buiksloot
9: A person sitting down with their foot on the coffee table.
9: Two giraffes appear to be searching for food from a tree.
9: A young boy and girl sitting on couch playing driving video game.
9: A view from the seat of an airplane looking down rows of other seats. 
9: A little grey and white bird standing on a sandy beach.
9: A man wearing a pink shirt and a pink tie with a design.
9: Two photographs of bathroom and of chalk board with writing on it.
9: Picture taken inside a car at a stop sign of fall foliage.
9: A video camera catching footage of people sitting down.
9: A group of cows standing in the grass.
9: A very tall brick clock tower with a clock on each of it's sides.
9: A small child playing with some toys in a field.
9: a piece of fish and broccoli and carrots that appear steamed 
9: A baseball catcher in full gear walks on the ballpark.
9: A woman is about to hit a tennis shot.
9: A man looks away from the camera as he sits at his messy desk. 
9: A teenager is wearing glasses and a tie.
9: Cute little boy with hat playing on laptop computer
9: Three young woman being interviewed by a man holding a microphone.
9: a black desk a laptop a monitor a pen and a book
9: A brown horse standing on a grass covered desert field.
9: An assortment of doughnuts are arranged in a display case.
9: A cat sits on top of a closed laptop. 
9: A naval ship with three small boats full of military people.
9: A mother, father and baby giraffe standing together. 
9: Ducks and birds swim through weeds in a pond.
9: A woman holding a camera in front of a mirror.
9: This is a dog taking a nap on an L shaped couch.
9: A man holding something up in the air by a rail.
9: A zebra with its head in the grass eating.
9: A group of four trees next to a body of water.
9: a cupboard with many plates and books on a wall
9: A painted picture of a  old fashion factory..
9: A bride and groom posing for a picture.
9: A large long train on a steel track.
9: An elder man feeding pigeons on park bench
9: A person is getting ready to serve a tennis ball.
9: a couple of signs are up near a wall
9: A baby is wearing a polka dot bow tie.
9: Two people sitting on a field overlooking water holding an umbrella. 
9: A lunch spread with a sandwich and glass of wine.
9: a bunch of people walking off a small plane 
9: A group of people are preparing to surf in the ocean.
9: A cat looking at a computer screen that shows a person and another cat
9: A white bird in the air with wings outstretched.
9: Middle aged dark-haired woman on telephone with a teddy bear beside her.
9: A water skier pulled along by a parachute.
9: A bird that is standing in front of a plate.
9: Green and yellow bananas in varying states of ripeness are piled high on a counter close to a purple glass. 
9: A skateboarder is performing a trick off of a concrete area.
9: A baby giraffe lying on the ground in it's pen.
9: A bus driver maneuvers his bus down a narrow roadway
9: A plane on an airport runway on a cloudy day. 
9: A man playing in a tennis match with a large crowd
9: A few different shots of a man on his ski board. 
9: A passenger train pulls into a train station.
9: The kitchen has a small stove in it. 
9: A man throwing a frisbee on a disc golf field.
9: The individual is skiing on the snow with sticks in his hands. 
9: A bedroom with slanted ceilings is illuminated by sunlight.
9: A wooden Christmas tree has red teddy bears.
9: A little girl on a Barbie raft out in a pool. 
9: A very dimly lit room with a laptop open.
9: A homeless persons shopping cart filled with items.
9: Two young men walking in a park, one is wearing a backpack.
9: four men in suits talking near robot model 
9: A tri-motor, vintage airplane on final approach to land.
9: A train moves along a quiet country railroad.
9: Sidewalk and nose in street metered parking spots.
9: A cat is sitting under a purple umbrella.
9: Various pictures of carrots grown and cooked in various ways.
9: Scattered people on a wide, dry beach, including surfers.
9: Two planes sitting parked on the cement near grass.
9: Man and student studying something on a laptop.
9: A group of men entering the doors of a train
9: A group of people posing for a picture outside of a building.
9: A plane is parked next to an airport terminal.
9: A wooden table topped with a white plate of donuts and a cup of coffee.
9: Little cat out on the road watching a bird fly by
9: A traffic and pedestrian crossing signal hangs among power lines.
9: Two men talk about a yellow surf board 
9: some bananas pineapples and other fruits on some shelves
9: a male in a black shirt and a refrigerator
9: A young girl in a living room with an orange couch and a red chandelier. 
9: There is a plate with two hot dogs with coleslaw on them.
9: A kitten in bathing in the sun while looking out at the deck. 
9: The motorcycle is parked on the sidewalk by the water.
9: Calico cat is sitting on the toilet seat.
9: A white oven with a stove on top of it sitting in a kitchen.
9: Two elephants charging each other in the brush
9: An old man n his computer in front of the fire.
9: The boy rides his skateboard down the paved path into a blurry background.
9: two people sit parked next to each other on motorcycles 
9: A living room filled with furniture and wooden floors.
9: A young woman tumbles down the side of a sand dune.
9: A young woman has just made a cake she gives a thumbs-up to as sme smiles at the camera. 
9: A black cat lying on his back on a bed.
9: An old truck with a tarp on the bed parked in a parking lot.
9: A table with books, a vase and flowers.
9: Doll wearing hat laid up next to open luggage 
9: a closeup of a cat sitting right in front of a keyboard and monitor 
9: A train is sitting in a train station.
9: A doughnut is sitting next to a cup of coffee.
9: A large exit sign on side of the road.
9: A gamer holding a controller and using a keyboard
9: A large red fridge is sitting on the red carpet. 
9: a cut up veggie on top of empty ramen noodle package
9: A man and a small child playing a game on the Wii during a gathering.
9: A bunch of cakes are sitting on the counter.
9: A woman holding a tennis racket over her shoulder.
9: a car mirror reflecting a stop sign in it
9: A kitchen with painting supplies scattered on the floor.
9: A person in a knight outfit riding a horse and carrying a jousting pole.
9: A young girl eats a large hot dog covered in sauerkraut, mustard, and relish.
9: The clock on the tower is sort of small.
9: A chocolate cake with strawberries on top on a table.
9: Two slices of caprese-style pizza with tomato, mozzarella, and basil.
9:  The girl is ready to hit the tennis ball.
9: A person on a snowboard going down a run.
9: There is a giraffe that is eating from the grass
9: Street signs depicting "no bed crossing" and "use crosswalk".
9: The children are learning how to play tennis.
9: a double coin meter that is next to a parking spot
9: A man seems to be disguised as Marty McFly here, from Back to the Future. 
9: Several horses and wagons near a white farm house.
9: An asian salad resting on a bed of rice.
9: a big brown bear walking in the grassy woods 
9: A man in a purple hat skateboards on the street.
9: A woman is appearing to grab an elephant's snout.
9: A small kitchen has a light over the sink.
9: A dog in the air with frisbee in mouth above grass by fence with spectators.
9: A snowboarder does a trick in the air.
9: A bedroom with flower wall paper, a bed, and a vase on a desk.
9: The antique clock is sitting on the side of the wooden board.
9: an adult standing up playing nintendo wii 
9: A man hitting a ball with a tennis racquet.
9: A darkly lit hotel bedroom that has a lamp, a little table, and a bed.
9: A bunch of people flying kites that look like octopuses. 
9: A bathroom with a sink, mirror, and toilet and other items 
9: A mom duck with a big bunch of ducklings swimming down a river.
9: A first person night shot of a person grilling a hot dog with a blurry image of a man in the background.
9: A orange tabby cat sitting on a room pass thru while a black cat sleeps on a couch.
9: This is someones sink in their bathroom in their home.
9: A blue and white sign that marks the Transit Mall Station.
9: A man is riding his bicycle on a bike path.
9: A microwave oven on a counter in a kitchen.
9: A dog that is laying down in the mud.
9: People are walking along a sidewalk in a city.
9: A woman in a tennis court has her racket out and is stepping forward.
9: a man looking at his latop as he sits in a chair
9: a dog standing next to a green bench 
9: Two men wearing neck ties around their heads. 
9: A man performs a skateboarding trip on a pink half-pipe.
9: A closed shower curtain with sink in a bathroom.
9: Two officers riding on motorcycles with other motorists. 
9: A sign directs commuters to Track 2 and Track 4 to New York.
9: Many colorful umbrellas hang from the ceiling near a building.
9: A block of cheese near grapes bread and crackers.
9: A traffic light with stormy skies in the background.
9: Busy city street with parked cars leading up a steep hill. 
9: A small dog on a motor bike on the ground.
9: Five children stand in front of the television playing a video game together. 
9: a man and woman on a patio riding a statue
9: A couple of men that are in the back of a train.
9: A young man working in a camera shop selling lenses
9: Zebras lay about and eat hay in their pen.
9: two sets of street lights attached to a pole 
9: Several flamingos drinking from a body of water.
9: Three people on motorbikes racing around a track.
9: A man rides on the sidewalk with a skateboard. 
9: Two birds perched on a table near a plate of food.
9: A view of a bathroom showing vanity, toilet and shower.
9: The Asian couple is sitting at the table enjoying wine with dessert
9: A elephant with large tusks crossing a dirt road.
9:  A boulevard has been pictured by someone driving by
9: A man standing by a refrigerator with a baby sitting on top of it. 
9: The man is playing  tennis at a tennis game . 
9: A view of an outdoor market that is taking place.
9: a woman playing tennis walks forwards in a skirt while holding a tennis racket.
9: a passenger plane decorated with characters from Pokemon
9: A large clock is sitting outside of Trump Tower. 
9: A circle of uncooked meat in someones hand
9: Two men playing tennis on a grass field.
9: A blue and white British Airways bus resting at the London Bus Museum.
9: This kitchen has wooden ceilings and two tables
9: A cat is drinking something from a glass.
9: a lady with a umbrella riding down the street 
9: a tiled floor with a toilet sitting on top of it 
9: Two giraffes are walking, one on each side of the gate.
9: The blanket has an arrangement of flowers laying on it with various other items. 
9: A man smiles as he skis down a snowy slope.
9: some sugar donuts on a blue tray and a sign
9: A bear that is sitting on a small log.
9: An orange fire hydrant covered in snow next to a tree.
9: A man standing on the grass preparing to throw a frisbee.
9: Some bananas and coconuts sitting on a wooden bench.
9: A person poses on his or her snowboard.
9: An asian man carrying items down a busy street with hanging baskets.
9: A young man performing a trick on an ATV on a field.
9: An old man fist bumps a young woman.
9: Two lounge chairs and an umbrella have been set up on a beach.
9: A wooden clock with a design with a bird on a branch.
9: A man holding a knife in his hand cutting a tomato.
9: A man and a girl in a bikini are putting wax on a surfboard.
9: a bowl of peas, broccoli and carrots with utensils
9: A man and frisbee standing in a city by other people and parked cars.
9: Four snowboarders are standing at the top of a hill.
9: A red and gray cell phone with a charm. 
9: A man rides his bike in a room while a person sits nearby and another stands behind the sofa. 
9: Corner view of a bathroom with a window above the toilet.
9: Parent serving a plastic hot dog in a bun to their child during play
9: a baseball player standing in the outfield 
9: A woman is holding a tennis racquet preparing to serve the ball.
9: A discarded piece of blue luggage on an asphalt walk.
9: Traffic and a cacophony of signs on an oriental city street
9: Empty parking lot with cars parked on side of the road.
9: A group of teenagers are on the beach with surfboards.
9: A group of people walking under umbrellas in front of a building.
9: A large pink bear stands beneath the walk sign on the busy street.
9: Phones, watches and clocks laying on a table.
9: A single zebra grazing in a large open field.
9: Half a donut lying on the yellow line of a street.
9: The oranges, grapefruit and other produce are displayed at the market.
9: A narrow kitchen with beams in the ceiling leads to a family room
9: Two people snuggled together under and umbrella waling down a street.
9: A couple of men playing a game with remote controllers.
9: A woman petting an elephant near some trees. 
9: A bride and groom are cutting a cake as they smile.
9: A box of donuts of various flavors and shapes.
9: THERE IS A WOMAN THAT IS EATING FOOD ON THE PLATE
9: a black and white photo of a flying airplane
9: A white plate topped with food next to a cup of coffee.
9: A couple celebrating a birthday in a kitchen.
9: cars parked in a parking lot with a sky background
9: A bunch of teddy bears posed to look like a D-day scene.
9: A man watching a beautiful sunset overlooking water
9: A truck with several sponsor stickers on it and a table in the back.
9: A baby in the foreground to an elephant in a pen.
9: a couple of horse that are walking in a field
9: A bird sitting on the outside of a window.
9: A white toilet next to some torn out walls.
9: a large bed sitting next to a wall with open windows
9: a close up of a person holding a frisbee in a field
9: a small kid on skis stands in the snow 
9: A newspaper wallpaper in a very modern bathroom.
9: A man trying to shake a woman's hand with her tongue stuck out standing behind a motorcycle. 
9: A tourist and a guide ride on an elephant.
9: a man in the ocean being engulfed by water 
9: A brown horse grazing on green grass in an open field.
9: A man in the middle of a Frisbee trick.
9: A lot of people that are in the kitchen together.
9: A large tall building with a clock on the top.
9: A woman is carrying surfboards on a beach.
9: Three wooden benches lined up at a park. 
9: dry brush growing out of a snowy ground and animals in the background
9: a man and a woman sitting at a table eating food
9: This is a picture of an extremely fancy desert.
9: A child with a knife cuts a food item.
9: The kitchen looks clean and there are flowers.
9: A group of similarly dressed small children on a sofa.
9: a blue jet is sitting next to a sign
9: A man points to a baby in a collage of family photographs and mementos.
9: A man is at the bottom a ski slope.
9: A red fire hydrant is being buried by a snow storm.
9: a man that is taking a picture of him self
9: A little girl is eating a hot dog and riding in a shopping cart.
9: The animals look very skinny and unhealthy as they walk around.
9: A man in camoflauge rides a horse through a field.
9: A man standing in the snow on top of the mounting about to go skiing.
9: there is a corner store on the corner of an intersection. its sign reads, "COMMERCE".
9: The kids are playing tennis on the courts for physical education
9: Martha Stewart posing with a fluffy Himalayan cat.
9: A dog in a hat and sunglasses has a basket in its mouth.
9: Baseball players catching a ball in the field.
9: Apartment living room showing tv and few furnishings.
9: A skate boarder doing jumps at night on city street.
9: The bathroom shows a toilet, radiator, tub, and closet.
9: A gray piece of luggage sitting on a  hard wood floor.
9: a public transit bus driving on a street
9: Large modern buildings on a busy street. 
9: a close up of some motorcycles parked on a grassy field
9: Two zebra standing next to each other on a field.
9: Some peope are spelling something in the street
9: Two elephants playing on a grassy plain in the sunlight.
9: A bathroom with a toilet and a bathtub.
9: Two giraffe stand near each other eating from a feeder. 
9: The skateboarder in the red hat is jumping near a cement bench.
9: This is several red mesh bags of oranges.
9: A person wearing skis, hat and gloves is standing on a ski slope.
9: A cup and a plate with food on it on a table next to a toilet.
9: an orange brick building with a window and a big mascot 
9: A school bus stranded on the side of the road.
9: Several bunches of green bananas are resting on bricks.
9: Three people ride on the back of an elephant
9: A man with a large top hat pouring a kettle
9: A black motorcycle with a sidecar parked on cobblestone.
9: A base runner is waiting for a pitcher to throw a ball. 
9: A green Thomas the Train locomotive being worked on
9: An egg sandwich on a white plate and table.
9: A open stove with some food on the inside.
9: A black cat is staring directly into the camera. 
9: a square pizza with tomatoes and a bottle of wine
9: a parked motorcycle on asphalt with a kick stand.
9: The woman is jumping and hitting a volleyball.
9: A man in a black ski suit on a pair of skis. 
9: A young man is eating on a street side walk.
9: Two children using brooms to help clean an elephant. 
9: Poolside lunge chairs next to a beach front hotel.
9: Cake themed ceramic cups set on a table
9: Three police motorcycles at a crosswalk talking to pedestrians.
9: Two sheep in a caged area with bushes 
9: A partially eat cake on a tray being held by a person.
9: Does this sign mean there are bathrooms somewhere around here?
9: A towel hanging on the bar in the bathroom. 
9: A corner in a kitchen with many potted plants.
9: A white jet airliner flying in blue, cloudy sky. 
9: The view of a professional baseball player swinging a bat during a game.
9: A person holding a round white plate of food, that has a hot dog and various items in the bun.
9: The singer holds a microphone while standing near a DJ.
9: A security employee sitting on a ledge on a cell phone.
9: Young boys are leading small horses along a procession.
9: A man in grey shirt and black shorts playing tennis.
9: Two people run to a person catching a frisbee. 
9: Many people are out skiing next to a small plane. 
9: Thin black and white vase with black flowers.
9: A woman with a plate of meat and potatoes eating dinner
9: A person is standing over a window over the kitchen sink.
9: a kitchen with black cupboards and a silver stove
9: Small yellow plane with red, white and blue stripes, parked with mechanic checking it out.
9: A tall giraffe standing in the field 
9: An owl looking up at somebody looking at it.
9: The bathroom is clean and ready for us to use.
9: She is holding the umbrella over the lady in the wheelchair.
9: A plate of food is displayed on a surface.
9: A baseball player throwing a ball during a game
9: A bird that is on top of a rock.
9: The sleek, modern metro train is stopped at a platform. 
9: A lonely worker sits at a table with his tablet.
9: A dog is carrying a bird in its mouth.
9: Old fashioned motorcycles parked in front of a doughnut shop.
9: A locker room with some naked men in it.
9: an old factory building with a group of birds flying over in the background
9: there is a man on the computer typing 
9: A person skiing down a snow covered mountain.
9: a person racing on a motorcycle on a race track.
9: A dimly lit bedroom that has odd colored walls.
9: An assortment of vegetables and fruit on display for sale.
9: A bathroom with a round mirror with lighting around it.
9: A woman holding a dog on the road next to a train
9: A white kitchen with a gas stove and microwave.
9: There is a huge room with furniture and things inside.

9: some stairs a couch a table and a television
9: a pitcher getting ready to pitch the ball
9: A young boy dragging a shovel across the beach
9: a person on a field catching a frisbee
9: Black smoke pours out of a coal-fired train engine.
9: A plate of grilled shrimp an dries with a side of sauce on a plate.
9: white truck in parking lot other white cars in background
9: A birthday cake decorated with plastic animals and green frosting for grass and a picture.
9: A person is skiing on a snowy hill top.
9: A young baseball player is catching the ball while another gentleman looks on. 
9: a train on a train track with trees in the background
9: The back of a motorcycle showing the wheel, license plate and lights. 
9: A vase of flowers sitting on a glass table.
9: This vase is holding a bunch of beautiful blooms.
9: A large white tank sitting on top of a green lawn.
9: A rainbow is reflected in the water as it touches the sea.
9: A large crowd is watching a baseball game.
9: A bunch of young men walking on a field.
9: A man in a black shirt next to a desk with two computer monitors and action figures. 
9: A pizza is baking in a new oven with a cobalt blue interior.
9: Two kids in midair trying to catch the same frisbee.
9: A small white dog leaning up against a fence and horse leaning up against the fence on the other side,
9: A very athletic woman diving to catch a frisbee
9: The blue and white plate is holding pieces of pizza.
9: there are five students taking pictures of two pizzas
9: A cross walk at the intersection of a quiet street.
9: a basket that has some kind of sandwich on it
9: A young girl at a fast food restaurant looking at her cell phone
9: A tennis player moves in to hit a forehand volley.
9: A doughnut covered in nuts sitting in a blue bowl. 
9: A black refrigerator sits in a room in a house.
9: An open box contains an unknown, purple object
9: A bus with the number 51 traveling crosstown.
9: A small and large zebra are in the dirt.
9: landscape photo with plane wing at top and view of sandy hills showing rain gulleys
9: The door of the microwave is opened on the kitchen counter.
9: A cat sitting under a bicycle with a red blanket in the background.
9: A man helping a boy line up a soccer ball to kick.
9: Men on horses racing each other while people watch. 
9: two people standing in a kitchen with a small cat
9: A young man on a skateboard jumping some concrete steps at night in the city.
9: A wall holds a rustic clock and curtains. 
9: A bear is shown in a grassy area in front of trees.
9: A gentleman walking around the edge of a pool as a bus goes by.
9: A kite flying through the air in the middle of a park.
9: a dog eating toilet paper from the toilet paper holder
9: There is a slice of pizza with pepperoni and pineapple on it.
9: a white mouse a keyboard some books and cords
9: There are three glasses of wine on the table next to a menu. 
9: A painted picture of a man and a woman on a motorcycle.
9: Chicken with rice and vegetables in a container.
9: A large truck on the street in front of a music store.
9: a man is walking with a surfboard at the beach
9: Bunch of children outside taking pictures and talking.
9: a tall building with a clock built into it
9: We see a young man running into the surf with his board.
9: A very cute cat hiding under a blanket.
9: A street is busy with a clock tower in the middle.
9: A fire-hydrant on a street and near a van.
9: A picture of a plate of food that looks to be a soup.
9: there is a street sign that has been written on
9: A cup of milk and a vanilla cake with blue frosting. 
9: Four ducks are swimming on top of the water.
9: Three commuter buses sitting outside of a building.
9: A boy riding a skateboard in the middle of the road.
9: A airplane flying high in and above the clouds.
9: Flower umbrellas hanging upside down inside a room.
9: Someone playing with the mouth of a dog.
9: A black bear is seen in a field from a distance
9: A scenic river view with the a palace in the background.
9: A truck sitting on a field with kites in the air.
9: In a bathroom, three scenic photos, framed in black, are hung above the toilet.
9: This is the front of the Pennsylvania Railroad Suburban station.
9: A man is standing in a cluttered room.
9: A lone elephant stands in the middle of a group of zebras.
9: An indoor exhibit featuring vintage Philadelphia baseball memorabilia. 
9: People are riding horses next to the trees.
9: A group of people waiting in line at an airport.
9: A meal, with two loaded hotdogs, on a plastic plate.
9: A boy doing a skateboard trick on a concrete barrier.
9: A bench sitting in the snow in front of a body of water.
9: an image of a girl getting ready to serve on the tennis court
9: Several sheep stand in the middle of a dirt path.
9: A couple of people in a room with remotes.
9: A girl is washing grapes in a sink.
9: This is three different pizzas on a bar at a restaurant.
9: The woman are playing a game of Frisbee in the grassy field. 
9: There are a lot of books on the bed in the room.
9: Girl that is posing by an old train.
9: A young man wearing glasses holds an open copy of The Watchmen graphic novel.
9: Items on the bathroom counter where a woman is washing her face
9: An orange, chocolate, cracker, and piece of lettuce on a plate

9: A hotdog and fries sit upon a tray.
9: A little girl preparing to hit a baseball with a bat.
9: A train is coming to a halt at a platform. 
9: a living room with old fashioned furniture and a light is on 
9: A street scene with a parking meter on the side.
9: a female holding a tennis racket and lunging for a tennis ball
9: A bunch of wooden cages covered with sheets
9: A stuffed bear laying outside on the ground.
9: a wet black dog has some sand on its nose
9: A cell phone protrudes slightly from its case.
9: A man playing tennis on a tennis court with a lot of people watching.
9: A row of people in a larger audience watching something.
9: A yellow motorcycle with a few different sponsor advertisements painted on it in white.
9: A young women chases the ball as other soccer players chase her.
9: a living room with some couches and a table top
9: A caged stairway beside a building on a rainy day.
9: A young man is biting into a slice of pizza.
9: Red/yellow train with people standing nearby waiting to board.
9: A cat sitting on the floor in front of a TV showing Craig Ferguson.
9: In-flight meal of a bagged sandwich and drinks
9: A black cat sitting on a red suitcase.
9: A baby sitting with a stuffed rabbit toy.
9: A large pile of stuffed dogs on a bed
9: People sitting on a curb watch a parade and horses walking in the street.
9: A person wakeboarding in a small body of water.
9: A large panda sitting and eating a bamboo plant.
9: a small child in a gray shirt and a teddy bear
9: A man in the waves with a surfboard in front of him.
9: A toilet with a wooden lit and two unique bowls.
9: A horse is tethered to a post near the sea.
9: A person standing outside in the rain holding an umbrella.
9: A man taking a picture of himself eating a banana.
9: this is food and a fork on a  table
9: A number of sheep running and a blurry background.
9: A suitcase has stamps for different countries all over the world.
9: A man skiing downhill through a snowy forest.
9: A motel with a sign on a post shaped like a cactus.
9: A stone backsplash covers the wall behind a cooktop stove. 
9: Fruit and vegetable displayed in glass container on table.
9: A frozen pizza is cooked in an oven.
9: The carrots are beside a jar with an orange substance.
9: A person riding on the back of a horse walking across a field.
9: A group of people are showing their corndogs with designs from mustard on them.
9: A horse pulling a wagon of hay with two people sitting on top of the hay.
9: Two personal sized pizzas on a dining table in front of people. 
9: A motorcycle parked on a sidewalk with a dog standing on the seat.
9: A beautiful woman sitting on the ground using a cell phone.
9: Playing board games while the iron heats up in the bedroom.
9: An empty row boat in the water near a floater
9: A closeup view of a bunch of scissors in black and white.
9: Some animals are grazing on grass on a sunny day. 
9: A cat sitting on the back of a chair.
9: A boy is getting ready to hit a baseball. 
9: A surfer is standing on his board just in front of the wave.
9: A few birds sitting together in a nest.
9: An old  traffic signal sitting on a table by a window.
9: an image of a white horse sticking its neck over the gate
9: A person and a dog floating on a surf board in the water.
9: children eating cake before a green table clothed table.
9: A woman plays with an object on a couch. 
9: A pizza on a wood platter with greens on top.
9: A few surfers coming ti the end of riding the waves.
9: A window shot of a couple of trees outside of a house. 
9: City workers in uniforms are performing maintenance on a fire hydrant.
9: A French stop sign on a street corner.
9: a cat laying on a bed on the ground
9: a bunch of vases sitting in a circle 
9: Chicken, onion, and broccoli on a cutting board.
9: A train is shown on the train tracks.
9: A variety of multiple colored glass vases on display.
9: A person biting into a sandwich while under a tree.
9: A cute lazy looking cat laying down on a shelf.
9: A black cat laying down on a tile floor in a kitchen.
9: An elderly man wearing the head of a toothbrush as a moustache.
9: Two birds with orange beaks stand on the side of a steep hill.
9: A woman carrying a birthday cake with several lit candles on it.
9: some banana trees bananas dirt and bushes 
9: A mans reflection in the side mirror of a motorcycle.
9: A HAMSTER IN HIS CAGE IS EATING BROCCOLI
9: Several cars are traveling on a city street while a bicyclist waits to cross the street.
9: a desk with a monitor and a keyboard
9: The bedroom is clean and ready for us to use. 
9: Some dishes of food at a restaurant that is well-lit.
9: A bear sits on a log and looks at the grass.
9: Some kids are all taking a photograph together
9: A woman seems to be observing the sheep in the wild. 
9: A man and woman wearing dance fever attire are embracing one another.
9: A frisbee broken in pieces is sitting in the grass. 
9: A kitchen has been organized with many appliances.
9: It looked like the man was riding his snow board on a city bridge.
9: Bus riding down the street in traffic next to motorcycle rider, car and truck
9: a man and a boy playing baseball on a grass field
9: a couple of birds that are in a nest
9: a city street with many vehicles on it
9: Two preteens standing at the stove cooking green beans.
9: A woman uses a pair of scissors to trim her eyebrows.
9: A man eating something while a woman speaks to him.
9: a person standing on a  tennis court holding a racquet.
9: Two women and a desk both looking at their cell phones
9: A woman holds a dish with food in it.
9: A man who is swinging at a tennis ball.
9: Some very pretty giraffes standing by a big fence.
9: A man standing behind a robot behind an orange ball.
9: Fed Ex boxes are stacked in a room.  
9: a black and white truck a hill and trees
9: Two bears up in a tree during a snow storm
9: A large green building with a clock at the top of it 
9: Three giraffes standing together, each with its tongue out. 
9: A man in the kitchen standing with his dog.
9: This is a girl wearing an oven mitt drinking wine right out of the bottle.
9: There is a picture of an outside area.

9: A laptop displaying transparent views of whats on the table.
9: A train drives down rail road tracks next to a brick building.
9: A woman is grabbing milk inside of a fridge. 
9: A man and a brown and white dog sitting together.
9: A close up of the ten key on a keyboard.
9: An empty airport lobby with a tv and yellow chairs.
9: A snowboarder on their knees on the slope and a skier behind
9: A bicycle leaned against an outdoor magazine stand.
9: An elephant walking along a trail next to a grass field.
9: A zebra walking away from the camera in a dirt and grassy area.
9: Some ripe bananas are in a brown wicker basket.
9: A man waling through a train rail yard with trains passing on either side of him.
9: The contemporary sign is sitting by the older building.
9: a couple of people sitting on a bench sits next to a tree
9: A man on a bicycle leaning on a wall talking on a cell phone.
9: Cat sat outside on a small folding wooden chair
9: A stop sign on the corner of the street
9: man sitting on a bench in the park
9: A man sitting in a chair wearing a suit and tie.
9: Three elephants are walking near the border of a lake.
9: A small tank like vehicle with wheels and a camera attached to the top, along with a laptop computer resting on top of it.
9: An illuminated bathroom counter with mirror and toiletries. 
9: a person holding up a cell phone next to a desk
9: A small plate with a cake next to a coffee pot.
9: This is a man working behind the counter of a bar with a lot of oranges and lemons.
9: A man in white shirt leaning over a ledge with a clock.
9: A man is using his board to surf a wave
9: a ferry boat and a jet flying over head
9: A city street with several bright lights on poles.
9: A person riding skis down a hill on a course.
9: a close up of an empty plate on a dark background
9: A close up several different colored ties and styles.
9: A smiling woman leans against a stop sign. 
9: A city bus at a stop waiting to pick up passengers.
9: A tan colored horse is tied to a treadmill.
9: People are standing on the beach while holding surfboards.
9: A man playing a video game while two men sit on a couch. 
9: One person sitting with a drink and one flying a kite on the beach.
9: Benches on platform at train station in evening photo.
9: Two women that are out skiing stop to talk.
9: A truck on the road and people walking nearby
9: a low-light scene with a bus driving by some buildings
9: Train coming down railway track towards the camera.
9: A man performs skateboard tricks among other skateboarders.
9: A group of asian women are gathered around the cake
9: The truck has rolled over on to it's side.
9: A man sitting on the floor taking a picture of himself in a mirror.
9: The smiling woman stands atop the slope wearing skis.
9: Some food that is sitting on a napkin.
9: The workers are busy serving meals under the tent.
9: A person is working on the laptop with their feet up.
9: A man drinking booze in a shower soaked in water.
9: A man standing next to an airplane and in front of a propeller. 
9: Monkey standing behind two zebras as they graze.
9: Two buses parked at a bus stop on a street.
9: Many people are water skiing in this area.
9: A jet engine plane in flight on a sunny day.
9: a desk with two monitors and a laptop on it 
9: A man wearing cowboy gear is sitting on a horse.
9: The small child is brushing it's teeth with a green toothbrush. 
9: This is a picture of a black cat  on a bed.
9: A large number of fresh vegetables have been stacked together.
9: Three men in uniforms standing near each other.
9: A man and woman smile while standing beside each other.
9: A living room featuring a dark brown leather couch, a tan leather couch a coffee table and a stereo system.
9: A train is shown riding on the tracks near water.
9: A girl leaning on a railing feeding a giraffe.
9: some people suitcases bags backpacks and a fence
9: A male is playing baseball on a team.
9: A tennis player looking up and about to swing his racket.
9: A kitchen that has a brick wall as a background. 
9: A window reflects back a group of people sitting outside at tables. 
9: Some white and black zebras in a field behind a fence.
9: A man in a hunting outfit holding a turkey.
9: an image of a black cat that is wearing a hat
9: A man with a red shirt taking a sideways picture in the bathroom.
9: A tennis player raising his racket to hit a ball.
9: The man with glasses is sitting on the toilet in the bathroom.
9: Two woman wearing bracelets are talking on their mobile phones.
9: There is a stop sign on the road.
9: A boy swinging a bat at as baseball heading towards him.
9: The dog has a Frisbee in it's mouth while in the air.
9: Bunches of bananas are in a wooden box.
9: An old man with eyeglasses stands next to a giant screen
9: A bathroom with a sink, standup shower and tub.
9: a bear partially submerged in a body of water
9: A safety worker talks on his phone while standing in the street.
9: Small living room with a white fire place in the center. 
9: a see through glass shower in a bathroom 
9: two male snow skiers both in black jackets
9: A skier at the end of his run tucking under to go faster.
9: Two adults and a child are on a ski slope.
9: A cat sitting on a wicker chair in the sun.
9: A kitchen that has a bowl of fruit on the table.
9: A bedroom with white bed covers,a grey pillow and two lamps.
9: The person is skiing down the mountainside. 
9: A living room is shown, with CNN on the TV, while a person is holding a laptop.
9: A person standing on a tennis court with a racket.
9: A person who is snowboarding down a hill. 
9: A picture of "Troll" Ave with googly eyes and it is under a bridge.
9: A bridge overpass that has a large passenger boat traveling under the bridge in the water.
9: A green car with vintage luggage in the back of it.
9: A man looking at something in his hand while another man looks the other way.
9: An airplane cockpit is sticking out of the front of a building.
9: A cat that is laying on the side of a computer.
9: a dog in a field with a frisbee in its mouth
9: A coin meter and a spray painted silhouette on a wall in the background.
9: two people jumping in the air while wearing some skiis 
9: A windmill sits on an island with several cows drinking from the water.
9: people washing elephants laying in the water 
9: A dog laying down in the bed with blankets covering it.
9: Groups of skiers near a ski trail in the snow.
9: A very old rusty looking fire hydrant by a pole.
9: a cat on a bed in a bed room
9: A youth at bat in front of a catcher and umpire during a baseball game.
9: a fat cat sits on a stuffed animal
9: A baker prepares a bunch of muffins in a tray
9: A little girl and her dog all dressed for the Fourth of July
9: A man is riding a skateboard on the road.
9: A picture of a cell phone Calculator and a computer.
9: A railroad train rides down the tracks near buildings. 
9: An elderly man watching a small girl with a Frisbee clutched in her hand.
9: A jointed wooden man figure standing in the middle of various fruit.
9: A large pizza is sitting atop a dining table, with several toppings.
9: A fancy dressed lady posing for a picture while holding something.
9: A large metallic clock in a large room.
9: A photo of a woman sitting with two dogs.
9: A married man tying his brown tie on.
9: Children are sitting on the side of the boat in the water.
9: A group of people are taking photos with their phones.
9: A man doing a skateboard trick on a ramp.
9: a man throwing a tennis ball and others watching the game
9: Three military members in uniforms slicing a cake.
9: Various plates of food that include hashbrowns, waffles and grits.
9: this image of a woman eating a sandwich and drinking wine
9: The large group of zebras are grazing in the grassy field. 
9: Three little boys sitting at a picnic table.
9: Food that has been neatly prepared for a presentation. 
9: People stop for a bear as he crosses the road.
9: Three dogs are sitting at various levels in grow boxes.
9: An orange color photo of many trains on the tracks.
9: A woman and man tend to a young boy talking on a mobile phone. 
9: One lama in front of another lama standing outdoors.
9: The batter is walking back to the dug out after striking out.
9: A deep dish pizza is shown with cheese and meat toppings.
9: A young child who is holding an umbrella.
9: A man on top of train as it steams in the front.
9: A large, brown bear walking along a pool of water.
9: A couple walk on the sidewalk past a stop sign.
9: a woman holding onto her tennis racket as she plays the game 
9: A stop sign in front of a beach in which a group of people in the water.
9: A yellow fire hydrant with a blue top is in the middle of the sidewalk.
9: Towels hang next to a triangular bathroom sink and three mirrors.
9: Two parking meters that are nearly covered with snow
9: The man is smiling while looking at his upheld camera. 
9: The streets signs at the intersection of Haight and Ashbury.
9: A plate of food including bread and an egg.
9: The train is stopped on the tracks to pick up passengers.
9: A well dressed guy standing by a door with a phone in his hand.
9: Relics are positioned on glass shelves with a digital piece.
9: The people are at the dining table with a lot of food around them. 
9: An empty wooden bench near the waters edge.
9: A person that is eating some food on a table.
9: A plate of food sitting on a table 
9: a giraffe sitting in the middle of some grass
9: The guest room is decorated in colonial style.
9: A man in a kitchen pouring something from a pot.
9: Two elephants are in a field of grass together.
9: A beach filled with kites and wind sails next to the ocean.
9: Two people in the middle of a skiing trail with trees lined on each side of the trail.
9: A living room with a couch, coffee table and a mirror on the wall.
9: Two men are riding on skis in a competition.
9: a stove in a kitchen with a shelf and a window
9: A plate full of vegetables sitting on the table
9: a couple of people that are staring at a t.v
9: four different tents with two colors with sprinkler on 
9: Laptop computer on a lap shown booted up browsing a website.
9: An intersection is populated with many different vehicles. 
9: a blue and yellow train at a train platform
9: A black and white dog is walking on a narrow roadway as pigeons fly above him.
9: A little girl touching the horses nose .
9: A person eating a piece of pizza and a cup of tea
9: An official watching as a woman tennis player tries to return the ball.
9: this is various food sitting on a table
9: Traffic attendants are directing cars away from a truck.
9: Baseball player in white uniform on a baseball field. 
9: a man looking at a mirror with a clock in front of him
9: Guy sitting on the couch with steering wheel remote in hand playing the Wii
9: A blue road sign reading "Garni Gueghard" ahead.
9: A picture of some grass and some water.
9: a black gray and white cat lying down 
9: A young female is dancing in her bathroom.
9: A plate of food including meat, carrots, and a dipping sauce.
9: Two large jets facing each other at an airport.
9: A beautiful baby laying next to a teddy bear.
9: A man in the water on a surfboard holding on to a parasail rope.
9: A zebra statue outside of a building zoomed in closely.
9: A bathroom with a toilet and stand up shower
9: A woman is flying a kite on a beach.
9: An empty kitchen and dining room during the day.
9: A couple of chefs preparing food in a kitchen.
9: a horse walking on a grass field next to a hill
9: A picture from a cookbook of a selection of banana's in a glass stand.
9: A group of people riding on the back of an elephant.
9: Several plates holding food, and a serving tray of pizza
9: a person holding a small cake with candles
9: A man riding a wave on top of a surfboard.
9: A man at a restaurant table getting a slice of pizza. 
9: A den with couches, a chair, tables and lamps.
9: A small child is lying on a bed.
9: A passenger train moving along train tracks in a forested area.
9: The large adult elephant is walking near bare, trimmed trees.
9: A flat field with red and white cows.
9: Two street signs attached to the same pole in two different languages. 
9: A girl flying a kite near some trees.
9: Large pizza pie with one slice missing on the table
9: A man wearing gear on his feet walking in the grass.
9: The fire hydrant in the green grass is red.
9: A person eating a banana with nutella on it.
9: Four men are playing a game in a park.
9: A picture of a new built in stainless steel microwave.
9: Two cats are laying on a bed with white blankets.
9: a group of people sitting at a table with different pans of pizza 
9: A doll is squeezed in between two parking meters. 
9: A man is posing for a camera in a room.
9: An animal keeper is petting an elephant on the head.
9: A Bird of Paradise flower in a decorated glass bottle
9: A group of hand painted vases are on a table.
9: A clock that stands In  the middle of a small garden on a brick sidewalk. 
9: Vintage photo of double decker buses lining a city street. 
9: Two people playing a doubles match on a tennis court.
9: a living room with a brown couch, tv and 2 different lamps
9: A professional baseball player pitching a ball at a game.
9: A Singapore Airliner is parked on the tarmac.
9: A man herding sheep down a busy road.
9: a clock on a small tower near a building 
9: Several people posing in cold weather gear in the snow.
9: Two surfers ride a small wave near the shore.
9: two horses pulling a carriage down the road
9: a close up of a tray of food on a table
9: a person that is skateboarding down a sidewalk
9: A plane taxis down the runway for takeoff.
9: A giraffe standing near a tree in a grassy area.
9: A clock structure and flags are standing in the concrete. 
9: a bunch of people sitting down in a park
9: A large screen TV in a small bedroom.
9: A desk scene with two laptops and pictures on the wall.
9: Two men play Nintendo Wii together in a house. 
9: Two hikers sit down and take a break with their dog.
9: I cant tell what kind of animals these are
9: Two men playing a professional tennis match in a stadium.
9: A parking meter that allows you to pay by phone.
9: young males wearing soccer uniforms playing in a soccer field
9: A dual fire hydrant in a lot by parked cars
9: The bathroom is very empty and in need of updating.
9: Two sandwiches have been halved and placed on a plate with a knife.
9: Woman putting one ski on and maintaining her balance
9: Some people are carrying a surfboard at the beach.
9: A pitcher throws a baseball to a batter.
9: A container that has some vegetables in it.
9: there's a red suit case sitting next to a chair
9: A group of seagulls are standing in shallow water.
9: A plate that has bread and chicken on it.
9: A nman with tattos picks up food from a table.
9: A jet flying high above a statue on a clock tower.
9: A plain waits on the tarmac at dawn or dusk. 
9: multiple sheep crossing a road in front of a vehical
9: A man in a stone room possibly using the bathroom
9: A pie on a white plate on top of a stove.
9: Male surfer riding the curl of a small wave.
9: A man flies a kite on a nearly cloudless day
9: A picture of a cheese and fruit plate in a restaurant.
9: A large brown dog standing next to a parked car.
9: A man standing on a court with a tennis rack in his hands.
9: A couple riding on top of bikes down a street.
9: some kind of chicken, rice, and vegetable dish on a pizza tray being served to a man.
9: A city street with cars and street signs giving directions
9: The yellow and red fire hydrant is near a brick wall. 
9: The doors of the white city bus are open.
9: A picture of a train travelling on a track near two platforms.
9: Many boats anchored on docks in the harbor.
9: A simple kitchen decorated with colorful a tablecloth.
9: A group of teenagers line up for food.
9: Horses munching in a field underneath rolling hills.
9: A photo of a hot dog with ketchup and mustard.
9: A bear looking forward in a forest. 
9: One guy zooms the waves on his surfboard while another guy looks on.
9: A shuttered window has a fruit tree outside it.
9: A bowl of Asian Cuisine with beef, noodles and broccoli.
9: Some black and white zebras crossing a shallow stream.
9: A guy takes a picture of an empty bathroom. 
9: A person riding a snowboard down a snowy slope.
9: Many black and white cows are standing in a row
9: A corner of a very dim lit kitchen with a bright window.
9: A kid doing a kickflip over a manhole. 
9: Young skier learning how to balance on a snow board, while an adult watches.
9: A buffet display case filled with lots of pizzas on pans.
9: A fire hydrant in the grass near parked cars. 
9: A computer keyboard and book on a table.
9: A bus is going down the street and it has an advertisement on the side of it.
9: A man wearing a helmet sits atop a blue motorcycle.
9: A surfer is on top of an ocean wave.
9: A couple of beautiful ladies holding champagne glasses.
9: Black and yellow umbrellas open on the grass of a park.
9: A hotel robe folded up on a bed.
9: A man on a skateboard talks with a man on a scooter next to a river.
9: Boys with wide hats are riding elephants on the dirt.
9: A person on a soccer field chasing a soccer ball.
9: A group of men during a baseball game with wall in the background.
9: A bedroom has a lamp by each side of the bed.
9: A forest with eucalyptus trees and a bench.
9: A black and brown dog sits curled in a flowered wing chair.
9: A brown furry mammal walks on bare ground.
9: A street of a Chinese town in the afternoon
9: Two black bears in a park during the daytime.
9: A plate of fish and vegetables with a side of bread and a salad.
9: A seagull is flying over water at sunset.
9: A person standing on a snowboard in the snow at night.
9: A couple of people riding skis down a snow covered slope.
9: A bowl of bread and newspaper laid on a table.
9: Graham black cat sitting on an orange couch looking out the window. 
9: a large wooden park bench next to some rails
9: a red train on a train track sitting next to a field
9: Horse and rider # 26 walking by camera.
9: A hand holding open a door to a big walk-in storage freezer with shelves, boxes and produce.
9: A new toothbrush sits on a plate on a table
9: a herd of sheep stand on a grass terrain 
9: A cat seems to be looking at a laptop.
9: Two Wii motes are decorated to look more like Sesame Street Characters. 
9: Two large animals walking in the tall grass.
9: A small airplane sitting on top of a runway.
9: View of a fireplace with picture hanging above and clock on top
9: A young boy rides his board in the snow.
9: a cleaners store with a tower clock above it
9: a couple of airplanes that are flying through the sky
9: An assortment of foods sitting on a round brown table.
9: A train on the tracks, passing a buildling
9: A person on a board in the water.
9: A batter is up as a crowd watches the game.
9: A herd of cow grazing in a grassy field
9: Parents and two kids smiling  tramping through the snow.
9: A solar-powered parking meter sits on the sidewalk on a sunny day.
9: A travel train that is coming across a long bridge.
9: a small bathroor with a toilet inside of it 
9: Four different food dishes including rice and chicken.
9: A hand holds a knife on the skin of an apple. 
9: Livestock walking near side of marked road in urban setting.
9: Workers in fluorescent yellow jackets standing under a fluorescent orange umbrella.
9: A man is snowboarding down the hill on a snowy day.
9: A bathroom scene with focus on the sink.
9: OLD FASHIONED LOOKING KITCHEN WITH A FEW UPDATED APPLIANCES
9: A toy bath room with a tolit and a sink. 
9: Clothing and items sitting on top of the bed. 
9: Cat staring into the camera in the day time.
9: An elephant standing at the edge of a river in a lushly green landscape
9: One large brown bear outside at the zoo.
9: A young boy kneels down on the sidewalk
9: Students and teachers posing at laptops in a library.
9: A pizza sits on a table next to a plate and a beverage. 
9: An article is seen here in this extraordinary picture. 

9: a messy room with a bunk bed and some stairs
9: A person on a court with a tennis racket.
9: A pitcher throwing a baseball toward a batter.
9: A white sign with black text is posted under a stop sign.
9: A couple of cars and bus on a city street.
9: A man looks seriously into the camera and is wearing a blue and black striped shirt and a polka dot tie.
9: a person standing up playing nintendo wii 
9: A herd of sheep gathered in one area. 
9: A man eating a hot dog at a crowded event.
9: Players sit on the bench as their teammates play soccer
9: The remodel of a restroom, with a toilet in it.
9: A statue of a giraffe is next to a barn.
9: A dog is sitting on a couch with a ball and two cushions in back.
9: A man is preparing a pizza on a trey.
9: A baby elephant stands near its mother. 
9: A van parked on the curb by a damaged fire hydrant that was knocked over.
9: Two pants filled with food cooking in an oven.
9: Large black bird sitting on the top of a park bench. 
9: a close up of a child at a table with a cake
9: A suitcase sitting next to a bottle of champagne.
9: A pizza pie with vegetables of some sort on it.
9: This man is walking in the rain while holding an umbrella.
9: a large airplane with its door wide open
9: A cartoon character standing on the beach by a surf boards standing in the sand.
9: A woman in blue jacket shaving a cows utters.
9: Woman with shades on and a cup in hand walks along talking on the phone.
9: Fire hydrant on a street in front of brick building.
9: A plethora of people riding bicycles and walking on a beach road.
9: Group of people eating from bowls of food on wooden table.  
9: A horse standing in a grassy field, looking at the camera.
9: a white wall displaying art that look like vases
9: Off white toilet with a faucet and controls. 
9: A man takes a pictures of himself in a mirror.
9: people and a dog in a supermarket in the fruit section
9: A laptop computer sits on a cluttered desk.
9: A baseball player in a black jersey swinging a bat.
9: The eye piece of the eyeglasses is inside the glass vase.

9: a person riding a surf board wit ha paddle 
9: Several sheep grazing over a large, green hillside.
9: A black and white checkered hallway leading into the kitchen.
9: Several people and dogs are gathered by the water.
9: A person's hand is wrapped around the head of a puppy.
9: Many elephants in a group are herded by a man with a stick.
9: a tall tower with a clock on top
9: a close up of a cat sleeping in a bowl
9: A picture of an open air zone that looks incredible.

9: A trolly or train car in an urban area.
9: A group of four elders sit on a park bench in front of the ocean.
9: Buses parked outside by a building and stop sign. 
9: Two elephants playing in water in grassy fenced in area.

9: A dog herds sheep in front of an audience. 
9: A man on a red motorcycle driving past a mural.
9: This is an image of a man with a slice of cake.
9: A small framed picture is hanging above the toilet
9: This is a beautifully color coordinated bedroom that almost looks like a hotel.
9: many laptops  on a wooden table on being in use
9: A person walking by a shop with umbrellas in the window.
9: A view into a simple bathroom from the door.
9: A man swinging his tennis racquet on a tennis court.
9: A man in blue shirt laying on sidewalk by a fire hydrant.
9: A lot of papers on top of a bed.
9: A small baby elephant stands near an adult, and a very old elephant.
9: several  customers shopping at their local shopping mall
9: A sad looking puppy wearing a red bow collar.
9: A group of people standing around a farmers market.
9: Men riding on motorcycles with their helmets on through a park. 
9: The person is holding a slice of cheese pizza.
9: A passenger train that is traveling on railroad tracks.
9: A woman sitting on top of a wooden bench.
9: The various pictures are featuring bananas and holders.
9: Containers of a railway freight service operator in the UK
9: Tools, scissors, a fork, mouse, paper and tape on a surface. 
9: A lot of surfboards lined up in racks, at the beach.
9: Three people sit around a table eating a meal.
9: A pizza being cooked on a rack in a oven.
9: A surprised-looking woman sitting on a couch holding a remote.
9: a desert is ready to be eaten by someone
9: A person is taken in this very picture.

9: A bull standing in the sand at the beach.
9: Two men in a cozy living room playing a video game.
9: Man smiling while making a hotdog behind a counter.
9: Three chili hotdogs and two diet Cokes on a table.
9: A train stops at a station to pick up passengers
9: The street signs for Gladys and Detroit streets are attached to a wooden pole.
9: a black cat lying in an empty suitcase peers out over the edge of the suitcase
9: a man stands in a room with some food
9: People relaxing on a sandy beach with a beautiful view of mountains in the distance across the water.
9: A man is using is phone to do something.
9: the hitter prepares the to hit the pitch
9: A man in a vest that is holding his tie.
9: a truck that transports cars on the back
9: A man dressed in black is holding a large sharp knife.
9: A bus at a bus stop along a street filled with taxis.
9: Residential bathroom with modern design and tile floor.
9: A pizza with toppings being put in the oven.
9: A bowl of pasta sits next to a glass and bowl of salad.
9: A dog take hold of a frisbee from someone's hand.
9: Black and white photograph of cars in front of a building.
9: Two zebras stand in an open field in front of a small cluster of trees.
9: A stone clock tower with a wind vane on it's steeple.  
9: Car with pedestrians parked in gravel lot near ski area.
9: The reflection of an animals tail is seen in the mirror.
9: A couple ride horses along the beach, and the woman waves at the camera.
9: A man is kayaking the rapids of a river.  
9: A man looking through a thumb hole on a scissors.
9: A man dressed all in black riding a skateboard.
9: An elephant is walking in the water by a fence.
9: A kitchen with shelves and gray marble countertops
9: A skateboarder is riding his skateboard and doing a trick.
9: A group of people sit and look at a slideshow.
9: A woman with a silly hat getting off of a Double Decker Bus.
9: A man walking down a street with a cell phone up to his ear.  
9: A counter top with two blenders on top of it.
9: A skier is jumping onto a ski slop. 
9: An assortment of pastries on a red table
9: Young couple displaying red disc near older couple at dock area.
9: Two pizzas are on a table with two people at it.
9: A man sitting on a couch with a dog watching TV.
9: A remote control sitting on top of a wooden table.
9: a boat some water and some red and green trees
9: A man being assisted with a tie by a lady.
9: An old couch without cushions sitting outside near the street
9: An obese man poses for a picture while wearing misfitting clothing.
9: A small powder room with a sink and vanity, toilet, mirror, and an empty towel bar.
9: a couple of people on motor bikes on a street
9: A rusted train driving into a red bike.
9: A train that is sitting on the tracks.
9: A building is shown behind trees and shrubs.
9: A man is brushing his teeth while a woman stands next to him with her eyes closed.
9: Two men snow boarding and laughing together on the mountain 
9: A man throws a frisbee in a clearing.
9: People inside a glass building at the bottom of a ski slope watch others snow ski.
9: Several people are washing an elephant in a large body of water.
9: the man and woman are waiting with their travel bags
9: A yellow kite floats above people on a road. 
9: A man holding up a laptop computer in his right hand.
9: Two people are standing under a polka dot umbrella. 
9: A kid performs many tricks while at the skate park.
9: light brown cocker spaniel dog howling in street
9: A young man wearing a blue shirt holding a tennis racquet.
9: something white and frayed on the end a knife 
9: People are sitting at outdoor tables under red umbrellas.
9: A bathroom showing a tub, toilet and sink.
9: A teddy bear has a shirt on while looking at cupcakes.
9: a close up of a cow eating hay off the ground
9: a man is holding a tennis racket on a court
9: Several animals walking and grazing on a farm. 
9: A burger that is sitting on top of foil.
9: Puppy keeping an eye on a piece of pizza.
9: There is a man that is holding cloth in his hand
9: A sculpture that is also a clock is shown fenced off to the rest of the room. 
9: A commuter bus leaves a stop in a commercial parking lot
9: A blue single engine airplane taking off a runway. 
9: A man is holding a baseball bat and a cigarette.
9: A woman in brown jacket throwing a yellow frisbee.
9: A boy shows off his arm cast on his skateboard
9: a hotel room with two large beds with colorful bedspeads on it 
9: This is a front shot of a public bus.
9: a young child standing by a tv playing wii bowling
9: A yellow fire hydrant on the curb near the street. 
9: A quaint white house sits behind a cluttered fence.
9: The front entrance to a bus station in Norwich.
9: A woman stands flying a kite with both hands.
9: Banana, orange and two different types of apples.
9: A young man takes a picture of himself in the mirror.
9: There is a white toilet in a very narrow bathroom.
9: A kitchen has a full china cabinet and stand.
9: a cow in a field of grass with more grass in the background 
9: A plate full of mixed and cooked vegetables
9: Several vases that have colorful decoration set next to each other.
9: Clock tower with a bronze statue on top on a sunny day. 
9: The man is putting air in his tires in the parking lot. 
9: A photo of two men playing tennis on a court.
9: A green trashcan is filled garbage including some cups, a green can, a plastic cup and a broken umbrella.
9: Herd of zebra grazing in a field with trees and fence in the background.
9: The large red building has a clock tower on the side.
9: A boy wearing shorts and sneakers stands on a skateboard
9: A bed is on the floor with a blue floral comforter and a night stand with a lamp.
9: A brown bear is investigating something in the woods.
9: A newlywed couple smiles as the husband holds the wife in his arms.
9: dude in mid air doing a stunt on his skateboard
9: A yellow stuffed bear sits on a child's bed by a pillows. 
9: a close up of two birds on a branch of a tree
9: A green train with a man hanging out of the engine car.
9: A young person smiles beneath a bag hanging in a tree.
9: a bi plane with a nazi flag on the tail
9: A woman carrying her dog in a backpack.
9: A small black kitten digs into a plastic mug.
9: A kale and sweet pea home garden getting the last rays of sunlight. 
9: Washed clothing is hung out on a clothesline in a cattle enclosure. 
9: A ferry boat in a large canal and large buildings off of the shore.
9: Two boys carrying hot dogs and other snacks at an outdoor sporting event.
9: A dog takes a nap under a blanket. 
9: An orange tabby cat lying in a bathroom sink.
9: some children are around a chocolate cake with three candles
9: A lone zebra standing in the middle of a field.
9: An aerial view of mountains and lakes from an airplane window.
9: a couple of doughnuts sit on some paper 
9: A guy with a nice guitar standing on a bed.
9: A bed with pillows where the blanket is slightly pulled back.
9: A banana and donut in the same plastic bag.
9: Three men admiring motorcycles in a sidewalk exhibit.
9: A man is posed in mid swing about to serve a ball in tennis.
9: A woman swinging a tennis racquet on a court.
9: A baseball catcher is squatting and wearing a red baseball helmet and his mit is facing the ground.
9: a stuffed doll sits at a set table
9: A toilet sitting next to a bathroom counter with a sink and a mirror.
9: A parked three wheeled motorcycle near a group of people.
9: A bathroom with a toilet, sink, washer, dryer and a shower stall.
9: A man riding a skateboard up the side of a ramp.
9: there is a dog that is sticking his head out of a boat
9: A train car parked next to a tree on tracks.
9: People watching TV while the one standing is operating the remote.
9: A group of people that are playing a game.
9: People sitting at the beach watching the waves roll in. 
9: The view of a baseball game from behind home plate.
9: a tennis player on a court with his racket out of his hands
9: A bowl has a soup with potatoes and vegetables. 
9: A man is sitting at a picnic table and holding a cell phone. 
9: An empty wooden bench near a large body of water.
9: a city street with parking meters and one old pickup truck parked in the background a building with a gold dome
9: Several brackets hold up a large sign outside.
9: A woman in blue holding a mini quiche in her hand at a park. 
9: The woman and the man stand together playing the video game in the house
9: Two towels placed on a bed fashioned into swans.
9: The statue is holding a teddy bear and wearing a necklace in the other hand he is holding a stick.
9: a man is sitting in front of some food at a table
9: A green vase with white flowers in sitting on a counter. 
9: Colorful kite being flown over the ocean as people are on the beach.
9: A dog in a helmet sitting next to a motorcycle.
9: Bundles of rope are on a cart in front of a train.
9: a close up of a person wearing eye galsses
9: A group of women are playing soccer on the field.
9: Three bowls sit near a mouse and a bag.
9: mac book on a desk with itunes open
9: Three women are dressed up and on cell phones.
9: a kitchen with brown cupboards and a silver microwave 
9: A park bench under a tree next to a paved path covered in autumn leaves.
9: a man is playing tennis and has a funny face while trying to hit the the ball
9: A cat who is sitting on the edge of a sink.
9: a clock that looks like an apple a penguin and a potted plant
9: A picture of a stop sign and a street sign.
9: a living room with a couch and two low wooden tables with floor cushions in a log cabin.
9: A clock tower sitting near buildings and a bridge.
9: A female Tennis player is just about to make her serve. 
9: A man in plaid shirt on a small train engine.
9: A young person is doing a trick on their skateboard.
9: A young man working on a fork assembly in his garage.
9: A cell phone sitting in a clay pot full of beads.
9: A person sitting at a desk looking at a laptop while something is being projected on the wall next to him.
9: Man with golf club and a dog and a goat
9: The bathroom sink counter has drawers beneath it and a mirror above. 
9: The flowers in the clear glass vase are starting to wilt.
9: A 1950's photo showing a two young men, one in military uniform, flanking a young woman on a bench
9: a bird perched on a wood rail by itself
9: Someone kicking a soccer ball on the soccer field
9: Two cross country skiers smile as they cross the snow.
9: A sub sandwich that has a lot of toppings. 
9: A pair of men in wet suits with surfboards heading towards the ocean.
9: A single propellor aircraft that is parked on an airport apron with vehicles and another plane in the background.
9: A man dressed in black and red standing by a red motorcycle.
9: A couple of cats relaxing with each other on the bed.
9: A tiled backsplash surrounds light grained cabinetry for a well rounded look.
9: Nice organized set up of games and T.V.
9: A desk with a phone, remote and computer keyboard and screen.
9: A group of men on a field playing soccer.
9: A group of people relaxing on the sand at a beach.
9: A young girl on a skateboard watching others at a skate park
9: People with umbrellas are walking over a bride in an Asian style garden.
9: A person doing a trick in the air while snowboarding .
9: An air plane jet liner flying over the water.
9: a person is using a microwave as it site on a table top
9: A dog and a cat laying on the red carpet on the floor.
9: there is a woman that is sitting and using her phone 
9: A woman in the process of down hill skiing.
9: A cross-country skier follows a track with the sun to his right.
9: A snowboarder grabs the board while performing a stunt in the air.
9: A women who is standing holding some snow skis.
9: The man is skiing down the snowy slopes.
9: A clock tower sculpture on roundabout next to a building.
9: Some people standing under an arch which has a fancy clock on it.
9: A grassy area with two kites flying in the sky.
9: The orange cat looks at a television set in a chair.
9: A man playing with his child while a dog watches
9: a blurry photo of a person riding a skate board
9: a group of young people playing soccer indoors
9: a couple of boxes sit next to a laptop
9: Couple walking past outdoor display racks of assorted clothing.
9: Two men in uniform riding in an old-time fire engine.
9: a brown tray donuts and a drink and paper wrappers
9: A man standing next to a giraffe at the zoo. 
9: The bathroom includes an extra long sized sink.
9: A red stop sign that reads "Clay Rox".
9: A person riding a skateboard through the air on a ramp.
9: a truck parked next to a street with shrubbery
9: Black and white sheep graze on a grassy hill.
9: A giraffe  is indoors behind a tall gate
9: A girl skiing along side of a road.
9: A small elephant standing on top of a grass covered field.
9: The man is skateboarding between vehicles in the city street. 
9: a man is standing next to a green truck
9: one person is kite surfing at the beach
9: Black and white photograph of a bowl of apples.
9: a man laying down on some kind of bed
9: two black and white dogs sleeping and stuffed play toys 
9: A rider and horse jump over a wooden brush obstacle.
9: Some zebras are on a plain of sands and grass. 
9: A restroom with a urinal and a trash can.
9: A motorcycle sitting next to a tattoo parlor.
9: This is a person holding a cellular telephone on the side of a street. 
9: A women next to a small train for kids to ride. 
9: A knife is being placed in a wooden knife block.
9: A white toilet sitting inside of a restroom next to a sink.
9: a batter standing next to the plate holding a bat
9: Young lady with her legs in the air laying on a bed in a room.
9: Bus stopped at the bus stop with no passengers
9: There is a woman behind a counter of a donut shop and two men.
9: A large clock is on display at a shopping venue.
9: A man sits at his desk working on a laptop computer.
9: A group of skateboarders, riding down the road.
9: A kitten looks over a window sill at the camera
9: a train on a track near many trees 
9: a city street with buildings and a sky background
9: A horse drawn cart is driving down the road.
9: A man helps another man to adjust his tie.
9: Two skiers in full winter gear on a snowy mountain.
9: a male in a black shirt is playing a video game
9: A green pasture on a slope with grazing sheep.
9: A man lunging to hit a tennis ball in a match
9: Two ripe spotted bananas are sitting inside a green bowl on a gray counter.
9: A kitchen with four pizza ovens and an exhaust hood.
9: Two women stand underneath an umbrella in a group.
9: Two large piece of broccoli laying on a piece of paper.
9: a man walking with an umbrella on a very rainy day
9: A man performing a skateboard trick in a skateboard park.
9: a deep dish pizza with cheese and vegetables under cheese and marinara sauce
9: A street full of bike racks filled with bicycles.
9: A cat laying next to a laptop computer that a woman is typing on.
9: s couple of cows are laying in a green field
9: Two street signs display two cross roads againsta a cloudy sky.
9: Three men in nice clothing talking to each other.
9: a cow is walking down the side of a beach
9: Three Zebra's eating grass as they walk. 
9: Four sided clock up on a black post. 
9: A long horn sheep with heavy wool on a grassy field.
9: A photo of a parking lot full of mopeds and bicycles.
9: A bus driving down the road in front of buildings.
9: A man dressed in a long sleeve tshirt and tie with a hat  to the side.
9: The bathroom is empty. There is no one in it.
9: A few glass vases sitting on glass display tables.
9: Rear view of a zebra standing by water
9: A train arrives at an empty station somewhere in Asia.
9: a street sign appears to be in germany
9: A bedroom with a stereo system and several mounted speakers.
9: A computer monitor with a teddy bear next to it
9: Pedestrians walking on cobbled sidewalk past multiple storefronts..
9: A light pole sits in the corner with some street signs on it. 
9: a giraffe is laying down in a field
9: A herd of cattle grazing in a field.
9: Three kids are wearing suits and ties, and are skateboarding. 
9: The smiling girl is holding a tennis racquet.
9: A square wooden clock that reads 10:33 with a silver arch in front of it.
9: A phone and another device in a small pouch.
9: a big bear standing on the grass staring around
9: The lady is holding a Frisbee in her hands. 
9: A white plated topped with different types of food.
9: A man sitting at  table and a a woman standing up and looking at a computer screen.
9: A stainless steel double door refrigerator with black accents
9: A vintage teddy bear cuddles in the midst of pillows.
9: A crowd of people in formal wear in a lavish reception area
9: A small metal bowl holding an orange flower on purple sheet.
9: A large passenger jet sitting on an airport tarmac.
9: a fire hydrant on a city street near buildings
9: A girl sitting down with her cell phone in her hand.
9: There is a horse standing on the grass.
9: A barber holding scissors looking at a boys head.
9: Someone is cooking some food on the grill.
9: The group is somewhat amazed at the size of the kite.
9: Two men standing near each other with suits on
9: A young skiier races downhill past a blue marker on packed snow
9: A group of people sitting outside of a building
9: The cat and dog looked like they have an agreement to ignore each other.
9: Professional baseball pitcher ready to throw the ball.
9: a lady eating something outside with purple benches behind her
9: A dog sleeping on a dog bed in a room. 
9: Several mounted police officers and their horses line up on the street. 
9: A couple of black suitcases are stacked up
9: A giraffe looking away from the camera in the outdoors.
9: We are looking at a low angle view of a man in a suit.
9: A lone snowboarder doing a trick on a sunny day.
9: A man with a surf board is swimming in the sea.
9: A black and white kitten sleeping on an open laptop. 
9: A man standing in line in a hotel lobby filled with peoples' luggage.
9: Slice of pizza on plate sits on table with beverage.
9: A boy in uniform swings a bat at a baseball.
9: An airplane mounted on a pole for display.
9: There are appliances and cookware in a kitchen.
9: A zebra resting its head on another zebra.
9: A bus pulls up to a station where people wait.
9: A man holding a cell phone standing near a doorway.
9: Two unique sandwiches are sitting on a restaurant bar.
9: A kid at a long table with some food.
9: Three sheep walking on a grassy patch standing from shortest to tallest.
9: Two people in helmets sitting on a motorcycle behind a car.
9: Three people in uniform cutting a cake with others watching.
9: A remote control in packaging that says control a woman.
9: A train moving along a track outside during the day.
9: A bus stop by the street and palm trees.
9: A fire hydrant in front of a house.
9: A person holding a tennis racquet on top of a court.
9: A person who is walking up a snowy hill.
9: A very big dining table with many plates of food.
9: a bunch of sheep sit in front of a car 
9: some people are playing in a grassy field
9: Three large giraffes feeding from buckets on a chain linked fence.
9: A polar bear balances on top of a blue barrel. 
9: A surfer is in the middle of an ocean wave.
9: One giraffe is crouched down while another peers out of the shrubbery.
9: A tennis player lines up his racket for the ball.
9: A woman holding a surfboard on a beach.
9: A man standing in a kitchen preparing food next to other cooks.
9: Two men are surfing on a wave in the ocean.
9: A statue sitting on a bench in front of a tree.
9: A busy street with several cars and buses driving on it.
9: A horse drawn carriage is traveling along a walkway.
9: Three adults sitting in a dark living room talking.
9: a white sink in a bathroom with tile floor
9: Baby birds in nest looking up with mouths open.
9: A white care is parked in a parking lot.
9: A person sits on a bench outdoors next to shrubbery typing on a laptop.
9: A man cooks in a kitchen that is made of all stainless steel.
9: A crowd of people flying kites next to the ocean.
9: A tombstone with a teddy bear on top of it.
9: a table with a bowl of oranges on top
9: We are looking over the fence at the train.
9: a woman sits on a couch with a cat laying on her
9: An old brown pick up truck with a space tie on the roof of the truck.
9: a man with a moustache is wearing a tie and has his arms crossed
9: A group of wood boxes sitting against a wall outside.
9: The small personal pizza is on a plate.
9: The water is spraying out of the fire hydrant.  
9: Four people are riding motorcycles in the mountains.
9: A bird sitting on the edge of a bird feeder.
9: A young man drinks a smoothie while posing for a camera.
9: A man looking down at a baseball bat that he is holding in his hands 
9: A bird flies over the ocean and hunts for prey.
9: A big dog on a leash, sitting next to a pink painted bench.
9: A train passes by another train in the middle of the day
9: The chest area of a man wearing a brown suit and tie.
9: A square in the city occupied by people.
9: Two cars drive along a street past palm trees on a cloudy day.
9: A seagull flying low over a blue ocean.
9: a man wearing an apron standing in a kitchen 
9: Three people, one with a guitar, sit together in a black and white scene.
9: A living room with white walls and modern furniture.
9: a person sitting on a bench with a dog
9: Four men riding horses playing a round of cricket.
9: A modern style clock has floating card numbers.
9: there are four woman standing together around a dog
9: a large living room with a couch, table and chairs and a dining room table
9: A large herd of zebra gathering around a watering hole
9: Large trees that have bananas growing from them.
9: Many different kinds of electronic devices with forks and knives laid out on a wooden table.
9: Trucks hauling cement bags and pipes on their way to work on a job.
9: This refrigerator has both doors open and seems to be mostly empty.
9: A park with a lot of people flying kites 
9: Two different kinds of ducks swimming together on a lake.
9: A young man in a tie making a sign with his hands.
9: A small horse bending down to eat the grass.
9: Those cars are all parked along the curb.
9: People are walking and cars are driving in a city.
9: A bird sits on a computer keyboard at a desk.
9: A kitchen area with an electric stove and doorway to outside.
9: A woman riding  skateboard as she reaches for a ball.
9: a group of men play frisbe in a park area 
9: A white table has pizza and orange juice and plates and napkins on it.
9: two signs each point in different and seperate directions 
9: A fire hydrant with frozen water coming out of it.
9: A computer desk holding dual monitors and office equipment.
9: Large Bacon Lettuce and Tomato Sandwich with a side of chips.
9: A man who is playing tennis reaches up to smack a tennis ball.
9: A woman and two children sitting  at a table eating.
9: people watching a guy cut a cake at a party
9: A woman is riding her bike down the street in front of traffic.
9: A pear, cup, cell phone and paper on a table. 
9:  A groom feeding wedding cake to his bride.
9: A bus sits parked at the curb on an empty street
9: A lot of white birds flying around boats.
9: The boy is windsurfing in the blue ocean.
9: A group of people holding umbrellas, in the day.
9: A woman enthusiastically plays a video game with another woman. 
9: A bunch of kids eating a cake with green frosting on it.
9: Some bicycles and motorcycles are being displayed on a shelf.
9: Two bear cubs play in an animal enclosure.
9: A large jetliner landing on a runway at an airport.
9: A collections of pedestal sinks along a wall.
9: A white and brown spotted dog wearing a Santa Clause hat.
9: A bathroom with a sink, cabinets and a mirror. 
9: A skateboarder is doing tricks on public stairs.
9: Red walled kitchen area with microwave and refrigerator.
9: THERE IS A DUMP TRUCK THAT HAS ITS LIFT UP 
9: The puppy has an orange tie on his neck.
9: A couple of giraffes are standing in an enclosure.
9: A person holding up something under a street sign
9: A very big bin filled with many oranges.
9: A red fire hydrant is next to a stop sign.
9: A grain with broccoli on a white plate
9: The front of a city bus rolls down the street.  
9: A little boy holding a white frisbee in his hand
9: The passenger train has elaborate spray paint on the side.
9: The people are flying their kite on the beach. 
9: The bed is in a rustic looking room with a plaid comforter. 
9: A chuck with a very large clock tower next to trees.
9: A white cat sticking his head out through something.
9: Hound dog wearing a costume sleeping on a white couch.
9: some horse running around in a field 
9: a bathroom that has a sink and a bath tub
9: A tennis player swings his racket during a game.
9: A group of people standing with remotes in hand.
9: Several cows on a green hillside that's enclosed by a fence.
9: A few surfers ride the waves at the beach
9: A nice clean bedroom with a great view
9: A duck swims across an empty pond outside
9: Two people are standing together in bright yellow vests.
9: Two people who are looking at the lower half of a car.
9: A woman helping clean an elephants foot with some water.
9: A black train parked next to a building and a jeep.
9: a room that has a lamp and some kind of curtain 
9: A kitchen has a fridge, a stove, and a counter top.
9: A man that is laying in a bed with two dogs.
9: A zebra and its foal grazing on the savannah near a bird.
9: A man flying through he air while riding 
9: A man holding a tennis racquet in front of a house.
9: airplane taking off from airport on cloudy day
9: A blue bird hands from a circular bird feeder filled with corn.
9: A pizza that is sitting on a kitchen counter.
9: A yellow parking meter set up to collect donations for the homeless.
9: A woman standing in front of a white toilet.
9: A horse is standing in a grassy field is looking into a camera. 
9: A boy rides a skateboard next to men walking down a street.
9: A bicycle leans against a graffitied cement wall.
9: A bedroom with a bed, two chairs, a lamp and potted plant.
9: A dog on a surfboard in the water.
9: A woman blowing out the candles on a cake on a table.
9: a couple of soldiers looking into a refrigerator 
9: A bed that has an old fashioned wooden frame.
9: a vintage photo of a woman with a tennis racket 
9: a bathroom with various bathroom items, including a cabinet, sink, and towels, and a washing machine
9: a man standing next to a black motorcycle near a forest.
9: A bird splashes furiously in a bird bath.
9: gray and white cat hiding underneath a toilet
9: a picture of an apartment kitchen wooden cabinets
9: A no parking sign next to a wall proclaiming "NO PARKING ON THIS STREET"
9: a plate with a cheese shrimp and scallion pizza
9: A cat sitting in a room near a chair.
9: The red apples near the oranges have writing on them.
9: A room with many tables, with multiple laptops with headphones on each.
9: a man holding a horse dressed like a knight
9: A man in a uniform holding a catchers mitt.
9: a cargo hauling truck sits next to another truck in front of some people
9: A plate contains meat, broccoli, and mashed potatoes. 
9: An olive green, military truck is parked on a rainy day.  
9: Young man and his backpack resting on a bench in front of a building.
9: A woman walking up to get the freeze bee.
9: A small sign on a wooden post indicating handicap accessibility.
9: A woman is sitting holding a bug swatter shaped like a tennis racket.
9: A bunch of boats on a river with a man in another boat rowing the opposite direction.
9: The man is eating a pizza folded in a hamburger bun.
9: A little boy in a bathtub smiles while brushing his teeth.
9: A bathtub and two sinks are in a light colored bathroom.
9: A yellow vehicle is right next to a Market Inc. sign. 
9: A man in blue shirt brushing his teeth in a mirror.
9: Eight people at a business dinner posing for a photograph 
9: a man standing beside a woman while using a wii mote 
9: a child eats part of a sugar frosted donut
9: A toilet that is seated in front of a bathroom window.
9: A stage set of a kitchen including a refrigerator and an oven.
9: An old style clock has black Roman numerals.
9: A toilet and a bidet in a bathroom.
9: A desk with a mirror in a room.
9: A red train traveling down train tracks next to another train.
9: A ban sitting on a bench during a flood.
9: a kayaker in red paddles through white water.
9: A red stop sign sitting in front of a tall palm tree.
9: A bus station that is loading the luggage for the bus.
9: The microwaves are marked with female and male signs.
9: A black crow is sitting in the table.
9: An empty kitchen area painted green with bulbous lights.
9: A man walks about in a quiet intersection with the traffic lights changing behind him.
9: Three snowboarders pose for a picture on top of a mountain.
9: A women who is holding an odd shaped carrot. 
9: Broccoli and cauliflower florets cut into small pieces and spread around.
9: Two men show of technology gadget Christmas gifts.
9: A sheep standing in the grass on the side of a mountain.
9: A large passenger plane is on the runway.
9: A woman in a bamboo hat holding a tennis racquet.  
9: A baby sitting between big stuffed animals. 
9: A baby sleeping and wrinkling its face while on a bed. 
9: this is an image of a cup of tea with cookies
9: A squirrel is eating a piece of food on the ground.
9: Two men playing pass with a baseball on a large grassy area.
9: a white desk a keyboard two laptops and a printer
9: There are flowers in a vase by the sink and pots of plants in the window sill. 
9: Two cows standing in a lake with several ducks around. 
9: planes are flying together in a line in the air
9: A large building that has a clock on it.
9: A man dressed as Elvis sitting on top of a bull statue.
9: A lady sitting on a chair and wearing a hat.
9: Many containers of food are on the table.
9: The women is taking a picture of the tall giraffe.
9: A suburban street with a few houses on the block 
9: A little cat sits on a laptop keyboard. 
9: A green interstate sign in an asian country.
9: A persons legs with a dark colored cat rubbing against their legs and shoes.
9: The surfers are carrying their boards into the surf.
9: A woman buys food from an orange food truck.
9: Two parents are helping a baby put on a hat.
9: Two slices of  pizza are on a blue and white plate on a coffee table.
9: A group of baseball players on a field.
9: A downhill flying through the air on a jump.
9: A clock tower sits behind a high bridge.
9: A man sitting on the sidelines of a tennis court holding out is arms in a shrug
9: A man is sitting on a skateboard and is being pushed by another man on it. 
9: An eephant walsk across a running river 
9: A BIRTHDAY CAKE IN THE SHAPE OF A HORSE
9: A cute panda bear walks inside a zoo.
9: A fire hydrant surrounded by rocks and a bush.
9: Two cows grazing in a field of tall yellow grass.
9: A teddy bear sits on the front bumper of a truck.
9: A giraffe standing alone with a low fence behind it.
9: A large public bus turning onto a road.
9: Six bananas and a red fruit make an artistic sight paired with a blue background.
9: A tall monitor is near a keyboard and a mouse.
9: A person laying in bed with his laptop and someone's picture is on the screen.
9: A young man holds a remote control and sleeps next to a dog. 
9: A paring knife on top of a cutting board with lemon slices.
9: Mandarin/tangerine oranges in baskets, on green artificial turf covered folding tables.
9: There are a group of signs on a light pole in a city.
9: a bed surrounded with plastic for walls and ceiling 
9: A player attempting to cool off during a tennis match.
9: A pan pizza and a thin crust pizza.
9: A boy is riding a skateboard on a home made ramp.
9: A group of Major League Baseball Players during a game.
9: Artistic metal furniture such as bed,dressing table, table etc.
9: Pizza accompanied by a fresh salad is a good meal.
9: A counter top with a sink and a red vase.
9: two people eating at a table and many people are watching them
9: A downhill skier is attempting to navigate an obstacle course.
9: Someone doing tricks on a skateboard on a sidewalk.
9: A formal living room is appropriate for an old-fashioned house.
9: Gazelle eating grass with zebras in the background.
9: A woman sitting at a table in a restaurant, by the window, and looking at her phone.
9: A woman holds a cake with candles while riding a mechanical horse in a store.
9: A man in a red at is standing next to a man with long hair.
9: The back end of a microwave plugged into an electrical outlet.
9: a small girl is holding a yellow racket
9: THERE ARE PEOLE SITTING IN A WAITNG ROOM
9: A man and a woman stand under an umbrella at a street crossing on a rainy day.
9: White dog riding in car with head outside the window.
9: A man that is brushing his teeth is having his picture taken. 
9: A family walks to their train in a nearly empty, cavernous railway station
9: A man in a parking lot full of buses.
9: A modern and bright kitchen with green walls.
9: A dog resting its head on a laptop keyboard.
9: A very old and large plant vase next to others. 
9: Pedestrian crossing on a slow city road with few cars. 
9: a mother duck sitting on the grass with her ducklings beside her
9: A man is playing with an elephant in a field.
9: A guy on a skateboard flying through the air.
9: Man sitting on pedestal of very large statue with giant suitcase at outdoor scene.
9: A woman in a tennis outfit walks on a court holding a towel and a racket.
9: Two men talk to each other while riding elephants.
9: A rear view mirror with a large red truck visible in it
9: A passanger train pulling to a stop at a station.
9: A woman sitting on the floor laying her head on a cat.
9: A very cute brown dog in a basket on a bike.
9: a huge group of motor cycles sitting on the street
9: A train is pulled up near a loading station.
9: A group of animals that are standing in the grass.
9: Multi container train at switching junction on tracks.
9: A yellow truck is sitting in high grass. 
9: A vase holding various plants next to wooden wall.
9: a bride and a groom standing in front of a cake,
9: Air Force plane on a runway with several other planes.
9: A UTILITY TRUCK SITTING IN A WAREHOUSE WITH CONES ON THE FRONT OF IT
9: a bunch of people sits at some tables 
9: A man with a boat paddle standing on a boat.
9: This double decker bus is merging into traffic on the paved roadway.
9: Men on horses are driving many other horses in a group.
9: there is a black and white cat drinking from a toilet
9: A herd of sheep standing together grazing in a pasture.
9: a close up of a phone sitting on some keys 
9: A grey and white train passing under a bridge.
9: A full view of a train in the city.
9: A  deep marble bathtub under an ornate mirror.
9: A little girl holding a polka-dot umbrella on a sidewalk.
9: A couple of red double decker buses driving past the Big Ben clock tower.
9: a woman is on her cell phone on the sidewalk
9: The man and the little girl are walking past the statue.
9: A group of friends gathered around a box of pizza.
9: The window showing a traffic signal is covered in droplets of rainwater. 
9: A woman holding a camera is taking a picture.
9: two people walking in the middle of a city
9: A couple of suitcases laying on a white surface.
9: This is a picture of a person snowboarding.
9: A man with a red shirt standing back to is holding a cell phone up to his ear.
9: a close up of a neatly made bed with two night stands
9: A seating bench in a park by a lake.
9: A woman with three suitcases stands in front of a car.
9: Large square clock tower with a thin elongated neck.
9: Two expired parking meters on a city street.
9: A seagulls is soaring over the ocean with the mountains in the background.
9: A table full of laptops and two monitors are powered on.
9: A boat sails with the Statue of Liberty and the Manhattan skyline in the distance.
9: A Coast Guard boat going down a body of river in front of some buildings.
9: Colorful kites flying above a beach scene of sand and umbrellas.
9: A tall giraffe rests amidst green grass and trees.
9: A woman in a captain america suit with a teddy bear
9: Fingers keep a meatball sub from falling apart.
9: Two zebra that are walking in a field.
9: a person jumping a skate board in the air
9: A red building with a crowd of people outside it near the water.
9: Embedded in concrete, a red fire hydrant is topped by a rusty silver-colored valve.
9: People are collecting home grown fruit from a wheel barrel.
9: Some of the girls appear to be happy and one is not so happy.
9: A motorcycle has a paint design in green.
9: A person is squatting by a banana tree. 
9: An oven and stovetop sitting on a table in the back yard.
9: A old fashioned  clock is on a tall spire.
9: The hole left behind after a toilet and pipes are removed.
9: A tennis player is going up to hit a shot.
9: a horse rider on a brown horse jumping a hurdle 
9: A baseball pitcher throwing a pitch and a player swinging. 
9: A motor bike is parked next to a sandy area. 
9: An outside toilet in a different country from the US.
9: someone has an electronic device torn apart 
9: A man is taking a big bite of a folded pizza in a cafe.
9: Two children carrying a surf board together across a grassy area.
9: A small older bus parked alongside a roadway and another behind it.
9: a new kitchen cabinet with a sink being installed
9: A view from above shows a dog resting comfortably in a living room.
9: Company breakroom with black and white tiled floor and a vending machine.
9: A woman holding a wild animal in her arms
9: A smart phone sitting on a cloth next to a battery hooked up to another device.
9: A black bear is surrounded by black birds on grass.
9: A boy holds the guitar controller from Guitar Hero.
9: Wooden cabinets over a black stove top with blue tiles and a sink.
9: a baseball player swings his bat at a ball 
9: a seagull walking a muddy beach front area
9: A counter stands in the center of a kitchen.
9: a woman and child sitting next to teddy bear beneath Christmas ornaments
9: The person holds both hands in the air while snowboarding.
9: A woman practicing karate in a public park.
9: I women standing in a path between trees. 
9: A bride and groom sit near their wedding cake.
9: White cat looking out a closed car window.
9: a giraffe bending down to drink from a body of water
9: Plain chair near window with fireplace and fan.
9: A man and a woman holding glasses at a wine tasting.
9: A flag on a white flag pole in front of a historic building.   
9: A bed with a stuffed animal looking out a window
9: A professional soccer player dribbling a ball on a grass surface.
9: The old model fire truck sat alone in the room.
9: A young man walking along a river bank near a woman riding a surfboard.
9: Some green plants are in potting soil in a container.
9: A boy trying to catch a ball at a little league game
9: A group of people and a sign in the snow.
9: This airplane is parked at a terminal entrance.
9: A wooden bench is located by a lakeshore.
9: a guy on a skate board does a coo trick
9: A man and a boy standing in front of a bunch of green bananas.
9: Three young zebras standing in a Savannah plain. 
9: A bed with red sheets and a large wooden headboard.
9: there are many decorations that go down this street
9: A farmers market with a booth full of vegetables for sale. 
9: A coffee cup is parked in between two digital parking meters.
9: A large bear mascot is riding in a red Pontiac.
9: A woman juicing oranges on top of a manual juicer.
9: A cat sits in a suitcase biting on a plastic bag.
9: A cordoned swimming area with warning sign and lifeguarding equipment.
9: Three dogs on the lap of a woman in the driver's seat of a convertible.
9: A tree has dying leaves and apples in a forest.
9: Two different colored trains pulling into a train station at the same time. 
9: A view of a rural city corner with a bunch of cars in front of it.
9: A man running with a racket trying to .hit a tennis ball
9: A modern white bathroom with visible plumbing under the sink.
9: A street view of a clock sign on a tall building.
9: The girl is flying through the air above the beds.
9: Cat on desk sleeping with head on laptop computer.
9: a person sharpening a knife by hand in a kitchen
9: An extended bus is in a parking lot
9: This is an image of a worker in a restaurant.
9: a large group of sheep in a pasture
9: Two men standing and holding game controllers while someone watches.
9: People riding on the caboose of a train with a mountain in the background.
9: A woman working on a laptop computer on the table
9: a chocolate colored sheep standing in the grass
9: The sea gull is standing on the shore line.
9: A man who is performing a trick on a skateboard.
9: A wooden table sitting in the center of a kitchen.
9: A woman and a dog sit in a huge outdoor chair.
9: a little girl in an orange and white zig-zag pattern dress holding a tennis raquet with  a boy in the  background
9: A plate with a pile of food on it, on a dining table with bottles of drinks and a person sitting at the table eating.
9: a person standing over a squat down toilet 
9: A woman with pigtails is standing in a kitchen.
9: Unfinished bathroom with broken toilet next to a bookshelf.
9: Glass of dark beer next to a plate and tray of fresh pizza
9: a bus stops to pick up some passengers
9: People are sitting under a tree by the water.
9: A ziploc bag holding chips next to a camera phone.
9: white plates that are covered with assorted donuts 
9: A doughnut sits on white crinkled parchment papter.
9: A black cat looks out from the inside of a car. 
9: A herd of elephants walking along a lush green field.
9: a nice peach cobbler is well made and cooked
9: a plate of food is on a table with wine and a candle
9: A freight train with a green engine coming down the tracks.
9: A man with shorts and long tube socks holds a racket
9: This is a populated bridge with a shallow flowing stream below.
9: Two white open toilets against a wall, one adult and one child sized.
9: A man helping a lady onto a horse with another lady watching.
9: Two deer exploring a parking lot near the woods
9: There is a zebra that is standing alone together
9:  Group of businessman discussing something important 
9: A zebra standing in a field of grass and flowers.
9: A man and a dog fishing on a boat in a lake with two boats in the background.
9: A person crouches low to ski over snowy ground. 
9: A digital camera beside an umbrella type photography lighting equipment
9: A tennis player is in a half split as she stretches to hit the ball.
9: a lady in a chair touching a vase that is on the floor
9: A giraffe and a zebra are on a grassy field.
9: A toilet is shown with tissues above it.
9: A sliced grilled sandwich on a white plate on a wooden table.
9: A man taking a drink from a water fountain.
9: A couple of cows and horse standing in green field
9: A double-decker bus parked in a parking lot.
9: A large long train on a steel track.
9: a group of men standing around a display of assorted missles
9: A baseball player is about to hit a ball. 
9: A cat is drinking water out of a toilet.
9: A dog coming out from behind a curtain while another lays on top of a couch. 
9: A man is kissing a woman on the top of the head.
9: A lady with a hot dog in front of a statuesque fountain.
9: A smiling young man rests with his elbow on a bar.
9: A counter with many different objects and pictures, next to fruit baskets. 
9: A man riding a skateboard down the side of a wooden ramp.
9: A woman water boarding in a lake near land.
9: A man surfing over a wave in a black wetsuit
9: Vase of fresh zinneas in water and elfan statue alongside. 
9: A cat on a bed dipping his paw into a cup.
9: a kid with a brush in his mouth brushing
9: a pitcher on a pitchers mound throwing a baseball
9: A person doing skate tricks out in the street
9: Three people eating in a wood-paneled restaurant booth. 
9: A plate of food and a drink on a table.
9: Blue motorcycle parked on pavement near winery sign.
9: A train on a rail line and a car on the road
9: A table and chairs with wooden kitchen tools on top.
9: A cat sits on a blanket in a cage.
9: Man sleeping next to a cat on a bed. 
9: Temple Bar with museum signposts in the heart of Dublin
9: Bear in water staring at plastic bottle with sunlight shining on bear and bottle
9: A young child is brushing its teeth in the tub.
9: The living room is decorated with vintage furniture.
9: Looks like an inviting place to relax and rejuvenate.
9: A happy dog sitting on the grass next to a frisbee.
9: A desk with a computer monitor, a mouse, a keyboard and a laptop computer.
9: People are boarding a bus in a retail area.
9: Cows standing in a grassy fenced in area.
9: Pedestrians and motorcyclists near an open outdoor market.
9: A living room with a sewing machine during a sunny day.
9: The long table is set for a formal dinner with  glassware for wine.
9: A group of motorcycles are parked on the street.
9: Commuter train at platform in populated city on sunny day.
9: Baseball player up to bat with catcher and umpire.
9: Two teddy bears sitting next to each other one dressed as a man another as a woman. 
9: PERSON IN BLACK AND WHITE PICTURE HOLDING HAIR DRYER
9: A single elephant that has very short tusks.
9: a white kitchen with a white stove and microwave
9: a man riding down the road wearing some skiis and holding onto the poles in one hand 
9: a very long train on a old train track
9: A woman walking with a pan in her hands with a whole pizza on it. 
9: Black and white photo of a woman sitting on a bench.

9: A black poodle sits in the basket of a bicycle. 
9: A small girl rides a horse through a crowded street.
9: A large long train on a steel track.
9: A meal with gravy covered meat, carrots, and broccoli.
9: A man is carrying a pink and black surf board while two men are smiling at him in the background.
9: A small child looking in a refrigerator with her bottom showing.
9: a large group of children wearing ties and dresses
9: A kitchen with a refrigerator, stove and sink.
9: A walk in shower in a bathroom next to a mirror.
9: A small naked boy holding a tennis racquet on a beach.
9: a open box of pizza on a table with a bottle of beer and a mug.
9: a close up of a person in a wetsuit holding a surfboard 
9: Two people under an umbrella on a wet sidewalk with stars.
9: Fancy curved cutting gold colored scissors with decorative flowers.
9: a man on a pitchers mound starts to throw a pitch 
9: A short train speeds past the empty station
9: A naked man holding a bloody knife near where is penis should be.
9: Two zebras that are standing in the grass.
9: A desk with a laptop in front of a computer monitor.
9: A man grimaces playfully while blow-drying his hair. 
9: A large moving vehicle, shaped like a train, is traveling down the tracks. 
9: Skiers stopped on the slope to take a picture.
9: A dog leaps into the water chasing after a thrown object.
9: A room with a very large wooden item near a window.
9: a man surfing on top of a wave in the ocean
9: A skier is standing at the top of ski slope. 
9: Man with bath on his should on left and tree scene on right.
9: Group of five men in suits preparing to cut a ribbon. 
9: a man that is skiing down a snowy hill
9: A beautiful young lady laying on a bed looking into the camera
9: A hot dog cooker and condiments in a display at a store. 
9: A woman in a skirt is holding a tennis racket
9: People standing on the pavement waiting for the approaching train.
9: A tennis player is making an effort during a match.
9: A kitten is looking into a mirror and touching the mirror with one paw.
9: A horse wearing a bridle is walking through the woods.
9: a kid is showing a pizza with a joke written inside the box cover
9: Elderly women debark a bus at a station. 
9: A group of young children standing in a room next to each other.
9: A person putting some food into the oven.
9: A little bowl of food is on a white table.
9: A bunch of people on skies are on a slope
9: two birds flying thru the air above a body of wter
9: a motorcycle parked in a pile of rocks
9: A man talking on the phone by some benches
9: An elephant with tusks curling it's trunk upwards, standing behind a fence in the sand.
9: A grey and red training arriving and leaving a station.
9: Two beers on a table beside a box of noodles
9: Road construction truck pulled on side of the road.
9: Woman and child on a beach flying a kite.
9: A man playing soccer with three children in a park.
9: A plate is filled with broccoli, apples, strawberries, bananas, and oranges.
9: an open suitcase filled with boxes and bubble wrap.
9: Busy city sidewalk, street, and intersection in Asia
9: tennis partners one man is returning the ball
9: A statue of a baseball player covered in mosaic tiles.
9: A clock showing 12:12 with two British flags and a queen, on side of brick building against blue sky with clouds.
9: Someone blends a red mixture in a chrome blender.
9: Snow flies all about as the skier races down the slope.
9: A zebra and giraffe eating food near each other. 
9: Four people are flying kites on a beach.
9: The baseball player swings the bat at the ball
9: A man is holding a cell phone to his ear.
9: there is a large plate of pasta and broccoli 
9: People are walking across the street at an intersection.
9: A bunch of stuffed animals that are by a pole.
9: a round wooden rack with some donuts on it
9: Man and woman riding scooter on the street.
9: a kitchen with a stove a table some chairs and a sink
9: Six hot dogs are sitting on top of the grill.
9: A plate topped with a half eaten corn cob and meat.
9: A laptop next to a monitor with data on them.
9: a man that is standing up at home plate
9: a small herd of cows standing on a grassy hill
9: A large gray dog sitting on top of a wooden counter.
9: Two people preparing to surf in clear beach water.
9: a person  on surfing board moving very fast on watrers
9: There is a small dog sitting on a chair at the beach and two women heading back from the water.
9: a large group of people with hats playing with a frisbee
9: A kitchen area with a stove, sink and dishwasher.
9: A banana, cereal, and coffee sitting on a table
9: a man sitting on a stool milking a cow
9: The person is parasailing through the air above snow. 
9: A baseball player throwing a pitch onto the field
9: A bathroom with a tub, windows, mirror, and vanity.
9: A few black elephants are out in the wild together. 
9: A toilet has the lid down by a sink.
9: A young child is holding a tennis racket on the tennis court.
9: A man sits in a chair as he plays a video game with a wii mote
9: A bowl of berries and pink flower petals.
9: The skier in yellow is rapidly descending the slope.
9: A woman standing over a table in front of two plates of food.
9: The head of a Giraffe with its mouth on a tree branch.
9: Pancakes and blueberries on a plate with some butter
9: A view of a city corner with a truck stopped at a light. 
9: A lamp and chair with the foot of a bed and a persons feet.
9: A zebra walking next to a crocodile near water.
9: some water trees and animals on a grassy hill
9: A picture of fresh grown apples on a tree while someone is holding one.
9: Two kittens drink water from some bowls. 
9: A man skateboarding in front of spray painted building.
9: Two sinks stand next to a bathtub in a bathroom. 
9: Men and women cross country skiing in snow.
9: The light bulb shines on the ceiling above the toilet. 
9: Two ladies sitting at a laptop at a business.
9: Pair of zebras grazing on grass and hay in park like setting.
9: This is two signs in a language that is not English.
9: A surfer is riding through a small wave.
9: dog walks past bench with petals from a flower on the ground
9: A bunch of street signs hanging from a pole.
9: A kitchen that is very nice and clean.
9: A female tennis player watching the ball. 
9: A bear is seen in the grass next to a creek.
9: a man using ski poles while snowboarding down a hill
9: Beautiful scenery of a train boarding passengers in a metropolitan area.
9: Roof of a brick building with a chimney and a steeple with a weather vane on top.
9: A clock that looks like it has melted sitting on the edge of a shelf. 
9: Two goats on grass crossing a small country road.
9: a train on a track with people on a platform
9: There are many trees in the area of the intersection.
9: A man stands in front of his stove preparing a meal.
9: A man sits in front of his oven and watches what is cooking in there
9: the person is reaching for a slice of pizza 
9: The piece of pie is layered and contains chocolate.
9: A room with a tile floor and a made bed. 
9: a herd of sheep standing on top of a hill
9: some people are leaning over a railing on a boat 
9: The school bus drives down the city street.
9: A sandwich and a salad sitting on a plate with a fork.
9: Three zebras grazing in an enclosed area that is a wooded area
9: Broccoli with diced red pepper and a cream sauce.
9: A desk is cluttered with cans and food.
9: Truck parked on a boat with people on it and one on land.
9: Two bikes parked in front of a nice park
9: A stop sign is standing in front of a view of a mountain range. 
9: A white toilet open in a small room.
9: Holding a chocolate cupcake with colored sprinkles still in the paper cup.
9: A surfboard is stowed in a rack alongside a walkway.
9: A old aircraft that is half parked on the tarmac.
9: A bearded man beside a woman flashing a peace sign.
9: a plate with some bananas on it 
9: toy bike sits on top of book shelf filled with books
9: A young girl smiles with many people hanging out in the background
9: These girls are showing the art they made.
9: Two zebras that are standing in the grass.
9: A red double decker sight seeing bus driving down the street
9: THERE ARE THREE URINALS IN THE BATHROOM STALL
9: A building in the city with a clock on the building. 
9: Woman with a dress on holding a cellphone up to her ear. 
9: A man sits on a stool in a kitchen.
9: A large jetliner sitting on top of an airport runway.
9: A picture of a pitcher in a baseball game.
9: A man standing next to a cow in a dry grass covered field.
9: A view of a tree, sitting in the grass.
9: A person is standing on the beach with a kite flying.
9: A man on a pair of skies near a building.
9: A large collection of video games and movies in a room with a dual screen monitor and computer
9: A female horse rider cases two small cows.
9: A computer lab with laptops and screens and chairs.
9: SHEEP AND RAMS IN A FIELD OF GRASS
9: Large grey colored tower with several clock faces.
9: two people in a living room with a television and open cupboards
9: a close up of two zebras near one another 
9: An unknown animal is walking near a wood log.
9: A kitchen that has a lot of clutter in it.
9: Several women smiling and taking pictures with a camera.
9: Snow covered picnic benches overlooking a parking lot.
9: A plate of food with a knife, meat and vegetables on it. 
9: The cardinal on the tail of a plane on the tarmac.
9: Two computers in a room with a projection screen.
9: The adult elephant is stretching it's long trunk over the fence.
9: The clock is on top of the tall tower.
9: A snow board sitting upright with a view of a mountain.
9: A clock tower on top of a church with a weather vein.
9: A man hitting a tennis ball with a racquet on a court.
9: A fire hydrant waits in front of a tall building.
9: A skier goes air born while skiing down a hill
9: A woman is cutting a bundt cake on a platter.
9: Metal spoon on a table in front of a window
9: A LARGE AIRPLANE THAT HAS LANDED AT THE AIRPORT
9: The two patio chairs are empty so we can sit down. 
9: A train traveling along a forest through the snow.
9: A male skateboarder is riding his skate board in the street along with others
9: A young man in a restaurant is talking on his cell phone.
9: A group of athletes sitting in chairs looking disappointed.
9: A man smiles while kneeling beside a miniature airplane.
9: Man sits with dog on paddle board in the water.
9: this is a farm scene showing mother cow  with calf in the grassy pasture.
9: A little girl sitting at a picnic table with a slice of pizza. 
9: A couple of men playing a video game in an office setting.
9: People walking around in the streets near a city. 
9: A bunch of different images of a man on a snowboard.
9: a store that has their lights on in the dark of the night.
9: Parking meters with approximately 40 minutes left on them.
9: A batter prepares to swing at a pitch during a baseball game.
9: Black cows laying down in a pasture near a house.
9: Two people are playing a game on the nintendo wii
9: Two guys standing in a room playing video games.
9: A man that is holding a tennis racquet.
9: A herd of sheep grazes peacefully on a green hillside.
9: A street corner has a fence in the foreground, with buildings and a crane in the background.
9: A man with a brown sweater is playing a WII game.
9: The city bus is pulled over to the side of the road.
9: A few motorcyclists exiting the road in neon vests
9: A kid rides the waves on a surfboard.
9: A man who is laying on a parked motorcycle.
9: THE LIGHT IS GREEN BUT THERE IS A DIGITAL SIGN THAT SAYS MASON ST CLOSED
9: A man doing a trick on his skate board
9: A man reading something on his cell phone.
9: The view of a shoreline with a long grass park.
9: A young boy sits on the floor by a skateboard and skating equipment.
9: A lady with a tennis racket and a tennis ball.
9: A train car standing on the tracks with graffiti on the side.
9: A woman holds an umbrella in the air
9: A parent helps a young child fly a kite on the beach
9: Man on gravel tossing a throwing ring, at a carnival.
9: Three laptops on peoples laps in the back of a car.
9: Men are on the beach playing with a frisbee.
9: Horse and carriage going down the street in the city.
9: Living area of residence with chairs and bookshelves.
9: A kitchen counter is stacked up with food from the store.
9: A red fire hydrant sitting next to an orange hazard sign.
9: A fire hydrant across from a red bricked building. 
9: A skier with a lot of equipment is skiing on the snow.
9: a toy train set with grey train tracks 
9: I cannot tell if those are plantains or unripe bananas.
9: Two men throwing a frizbe in front of four men.
9: a man is laying down in front of his motor bike
9: a kid holding two tennis rackets smiling big
9: A small hairy dog has his pick of hydrants.
9: Two soccer players are in action on the field.
9: a red train going down a track by a platform 
9: The cross country skiers are enjoying their run.
9: THERE IS A BOY WHO IS ON A SNOW BOARD 
9: Black and white image of a man standing next to a vintage motorbike.
9: A living room couch facing a small television.
9: A large fork on the water where a boat is in the background.
9: A little girl that is standing next to a plate with cake on it.
9: A delicious chocolate dessert with a fork in it.
9: A man in white baseball uniform throwing a ball.
9: A vast, wildlife filled area with many different species together as a herd.
9: Two people holding umbrellas standing on a bridge.
9: two pictures of a glazed donut and in one a bite has been taken out of it
9: a close up of a child sleeping with holding a nintendo wii controller
9: A baseball player who is talking to an umpire.
9: A man squinting with one eye as he eats a sandwich at an outdoor table.
9: a couple of cows are in a grassy field
9: An elevated train on a bridge in front of buildings.
9: two zebra standing in pen and grazing side by side
9: A BOY IS OUT ON THE PARK FLYING A KITE
9: A model train is on the tracks of an outside garden.
9: Policemen riding on horses standing in a line on a city street. 
9: the boy is holding a remote as he plays a game
9: Automobiles of various types drive down a street.
9: White and black cow stands over dead grass by a river
9: A man at a spectator tennis game running to hit the tennis ball.
9: A shot of a cell phone, planner, cigarettes, wallet, and keys.
9: A group of bulls riding on the street along with cars and buses and a man on a bike giving an girl a ride.
9: a tan vase holding five large pink flowers.
9: A man laying on bench resting in a park.
9: two woman playing tennis on a court in front of a crowd of people
9: Two people play frisbee on a field. 
9: A large amount of people sitting at a table with food
9: A man holding an umbrella in one hand and a stuffed animal in the other.
9: There are two fake dogs outside a warehouse.
9: A woman that is sitting on a couch next to two laptops.
9: A brown teddy bear sitting up in a tree.
9: Two men in suits pose for a photo in front of hilly background. 
9: A table is set with bowls of various healthy food.
9: A woman sitting down with a laptop on a table in front of her
9: A lone giraffe standing in a large grassy field
9: A woman walking around a fair or carnival with a plaid umbrella.
9: A stack of items that starts with a book and ends with a battery.  
9: A meatless dinner is arranged nicely in bowls.
9: A woman wearing a yellow top and a jean skirt standing next to a yellow fire hydrant. 
9: The young man is jumping of the ground with his skateboard. 
9: A man with a glass of wine in his hand.
9: A variety of fruit sitting on a table 
9: a man swings a tennis racket at the ball
9: A train locomotive sits on tracks with houses in the background.
9: Donuts with frosting and glazed toppings sit on table next to coffee maker
9: A tall building alongside other buildings stands behind a tree.
9: A baby calf licking on a block of ice with fruit in it.
9: A man in white shirt riding a skateboard down a hill.
9: The yellow earth mover sits in the field in front of the pole.
9: The pantry door of the small kitchen is closed.
9: A countertop in a kitchen with fresh cookies.
9: Luggage under clear umbrellas in the sand at the beach.
9: Daylight shining on television and living room furniture
9: a baseball player in a batters box with a bat
9:  Several woolly sheep in a large open grassy area.
9: A white dog on a blue leash sitting on a pillow.
9: many cars driving on a city street with a bus 
9: A plate with a hotdog, hamburger and fries.
9: black and white cat wearing a red scarf
9: a man holds his racket out while on the tennis court.
9: A train traveling on one of several train tracks.
9: A building in front of a roundabout with a tree in the center.
9: A group of steer with large horns lay in a field.
9: A pan with ham on it sitting on top of an oven with a knife next to it.
9: A women who is holding a box full of doughnuts. 
9: An adult and a child cow standing on the side of the road.
9: The bathroom with power tools in it is under construction.
9: A community bus parked on the side of the road.
9: Two people with dogs walking by a modern building in a city.
9: A bus driving down the road near a line of trees.
9: Pedestrians are strolling along a city sidestreet in a touristy neighborhood.
9: Two cats are laying on separate pillows on a bed. 
9: The light shows safe for animal crossing on the street.
9: A delivery truck at an intersection at night in a city 
9: a man with a white beard and hat on a cellphone
9: a close up of a horse in a field near a fence
9: Several pieces of pottery in the process of being painted.
9: Three zebras in the field with trees and grass
9: a person in a white shirt is climbing up on to an elephant
9: A yellow fire hydrant is next to a tree.
9: A fishing boat floating on the water surrounded by fog.
9: A pizza is topped with mushrooms, artichokes, and other vegetables.
9: A woman breaking off a piece of bread.
9: A white plate holds breakfast items like an egg, tomato, sausage, and some bacon. 
9: Some people with some umbrellas on a wet narrow street.
9: A big dog next to a person's leg.
9: A cellphone and scissors are next to a coffee mug.
9: A group of people sitting on towels and under umbrellas at a beach.
9: A lap top computer seated on the table
9: Two giraffes standing under trees and looking in opposite directions.
9: a cream themed bathroom with a toilet, sink with mirror, and shower
9: A young girl wearing a princess costume eats a donut.
9: A brown brick clock tower next to skyline.
9: Two people cross country skiing in a valley.
9: Cat near grandfather clock in living room staring away.
9: parked cars, motorcycles and buses on a cobblestone parking lot next to a street.
9: A sandwich has cheese, veggies, and pickles on it.
9: The broccoli platter in the dish is mostly eaten up.
9: A MacIntosh computer with a keyboard and mouse sitting on a desk.
9: An orange and yellow train on train tracks going through the countryside.
9: Ornate lidded vase with handles and feet, front-lit against dark out-of-focus background.
9: Group of people enjoying a day at the beach. 
9:  a couple of zebras are standing field
9: a couple of zebras are standing in a field
9: A bus parked in the weeds on a sunny day 
9: A small dog with a leash in a vehicle.
9: a small parking lot in the middle of a forest feild
9: A rider in jeans, a jacket and a helmet sits on a bright blue motorcycle outside Flying Tiger Motorcycles.
9: Older fine dressed coach standing during basketball game.
9: some cars parked along both sides of the street
9: A man is selling bananas from a street cart.
9: Two zebra eating grain on a dirt ground together.
9: A dog with shades on rididing in a car
9: A young boy holding a bat standing next to home plate.
9: A plane that says "One World" gaining altitude.
9: A walk light covered in snow on a corner.
9: A group of guys playing a game on a field
9: two men are cutting a ribbon with scissors
9: A bike parked by a railing in a field of flowers
9: a photo of a bus terminal taken from a distance
9: a man in a backpack is playing video games
9: A burger with a doughnut for the bun.
9: Three dogs on leashes standing in the grass.
9: A man in skis holding ski poles standing on top of a snow covered slope.
9: Three people are sitting around a dining table.
9: The skateboarder is leaning sideways on his board. 
9: a laptop and notebook on top of a brown wooden desk
9: A bathroom that has a tile floor and a tile wall with a white sink and towels hanging off a rack.
9: A group of children looking at two giraffes in an enclosure.
9: A woman sitting at a table with a plate.
9: A pair of bicycles are parked in a designated area.
9: A dish is shown with unknown food and beans as a side.
9: The teenaged boy is performing jumps on his skateboard at the park.
9: Loaded french fries in a container sitting beside a hotdog.
9: People at a fruit stand looking at oranges to buy.
9: A young man hovers above his skateboard, mid air, as he makes the turn on the ramp.
9: A skier skis down a slope, with blue and red course markers in the background.
9: Scissors resting in a cup with markers and other tools
9: A large group of empty pic-nic tables under blue umbrellas.
9: People on the building are flying kites in the air
9: People waiting in a subway to board the train.
9: A little old lady holding a bowl of bananas.
9: A tooth brush with a smiley face on it next to a sink.
9: A lady plays a video game while a man watches. 
9: A man standing in a public area near some other people
9: A boy is helping a girl put ingridients in the blender. 
9: A man is wearing sunglasses while skiing down a mountain.
9: A woman jumping up to let go of a kite.
9: a little cat that is sitting in a bowl
9: Two large adult cats relaxing on a bed.
9: There is an old-looking clock in the middle of a neighborhood. 
9: City street at night with cars and street lights on. 
9: Closeup of food that includes chicken, lemon and broccoli.
9: A group of men and women are seated 
9: A doughnut case at a shop with many offerings
9: Woman holding a colorful kite in a green field.
9: A cat and dog are outside touching noses.
9: The reflection of two men in the mirrors of a public restroom.
9: Two men on a tennis court, each holding tennis rackets.
9: Old, tusked elephants in a zoo enclosure with log
9: The man in the blue jumpsuit works on the motorcycle.
9: A man sitting under the head of an elephant. 
9: An old bench is surrounded by colorful, fallen, fall leaves.
9: A kitchen that is painted bright green and blue.
9: Three young women are swimming on their surfboards.
9: the man is standing in the dessert in a suit
9: a yellow and blue fire hydrogen that is next to a road
9: A dog sitting inside an empty luggage bag on the floor
9: A man is sniffing a glass of wine.
9: A picnic table sits underneath a tree in the grass.
9: A man watches a kite in the sky.
9: A man in leather on top of a motorcycle.
9: a man that is playing some music on a keyboard
9: Several blue and yellow jets flying in a formation.
9: a married couple cut into a wedding cake 
9: A man poses by the water with his surf board.
9: a waffle on a tray with a fork and a bowl of chocolate 
9: a woman sitting on a chair holding a cell phone and hat with money
9: A split image shows the same dog looking different ways from a wooden chair.
9: Group of baseball players playing on a wet field. 
9: a skier wearing red is skiing past a red marker
9: a red and white plane is flying over some water 
9: A train passes over the fishermen on the river.
9: a zebra bending over eating grass at the zoo
9: A boy on a cell phone next lo a girl.
9: First people going for a ride in a rowboat on the lake.
9: Smiling man takes a break from his RV trip on a surfboard
9: A sign that states Wall St is the the right.
9: A group of men riding on top of elephants.
9: A bike and walking path running side by side near a city street.
9: Large open kitchen with wooden floor and marble countertops. 
9: a few family members stand in a nice room 
9: A young man wearing a brown suit and black glasses.
9: A women sitting at a table with a fork full of doughnut.
9: Green commercial building with refrigerator and refrigeration units outside.
9: Men wearing baseball uniforms at home plate in a field.
9: a lady that is riding on a big horse
9: The black dog lies on the ground near an easy chair. 
9: people are ordering juice while others are making them.
9: A traffic light on the intersection of a city, with a large building and a bicyclist in the background.
9: a yellow car turning on a somewhat busy road
9: a person looking at an airplane through a window 
9: Two people in show gear standing on a slope with a flag.
9: A small plane flying through a cloudy evening sky.
9: Calico kitten lying on a backpack on a wood floor.
9: An open book, a mug of coffee and a laptop on a table
9: Two kids laying in a pile of stuffed animals
9: Half a cake and two plates of cupcakes on a table.
9: Several cows stand in some shallow water near grass and bushes. 
9: The entree on the long plate is in the middle of the wooden table.
9: A fireplace and dining table in a dining room.
9: A man cuts a pizza in a box.
9: A "No Parking Sign" sitson top of a "Watch For Senior Citizens" sign.
9: A dog with a helmet and sunglasses in the sidecar of a motorcycle.
9: A person grabbing a slice of pizza with cheese and mushrooms.
9: A red and white traffic sign attached to a pole in a city.
9: a person holding a skate board near a field of grass
9: A person sitting at a table with a pizza on a plate.
9: A woman eats a hot dog that is too long for its bun.
9: A rusty old forklift lifts pallets in the snow.
9: A dog with its face resting on the side of a boat 
9: The bikes are all lined up ready to be driven
9: A woman opening presents by a Christmas tree
9: A girl is looking at a large donut with a bite taken out of it.
9: Old motorcycle parked outside next to a camper.
9: Sleeping striped cat with paw on remote control
9: A parent and child watching a television show in a living room area.
9: A elephant standing in the clearing of a wooded area.
9: two zebras standing close to a little one 
9: Some nicely dressed men standing near some microphones.
9: Elephants are standing under a tree, behind a bush.
9: A table with an umbrella has a tray with cups on it. 
9: A small bathroom has a mirror, vanity and toilet
9: Two dogs in the aisle of a bus next to a bicycle.
9: Grey and white cat sitting between a pair of shoes. 
9: Several different types of pizza are on the plate.
9: A boy is skateboarding down a ramp and catches some air.
9: The two cats are sleeping on the bed.
9: A grey and white cat sits near a laptop.
9: A plain white bathroom with a sink and toilet.
9: The small kitchen has many new age appliances.
9: An ornate style living room with fire place and french doors.
9: A black and white cat sitting on a grey office chair.
9: Three people in an elevator reading papers while one appears to be on cel phone.
9: A room is filled with someones furniture and belongings.
9: A burnt tail piece of a airplane next to the water.
9: a red and white sign is near a fence
9: The portrait is anachronistic in that a Victorian lady is photographed with a laptop computer.
9: A small colorful plane sits on the tarmac in front of a hangar.
9: A man posing for a pic in a black and white photo.
9: A teddy bear graham cracker next to a gummy bear.
9: A number of parking signs on a post on a city street.
9: A bicycle leaning against a white dresser next to a bed. 
9: A man holding a slice of pizza in his hand. 
9: An elephant walking draped with a colorful blanket.
9: a motorcycle sitting sitting in an office next to some desks 
9: 3 surf boarders enjoying themselves in the ocean.
9: skateboarder grinding down the retaining wall of a park
9: A 4 Way Stop sign on the corner of S. 2nd Street and S. 5th Ave in front of the Ceresota building.
9: A teddy bear that is sitting next to some item on a table.
9: A white toilet and a sink in a room.
9: An airplane flies in the clouds far above the ground. 
9: Two open bathroom stalls with open toilets and shelves above them.
9: Two couches and a table in the room
9: Two men standing in a kitchen cooking food.
9: Stop sign near brick building and fenced area on treed street where someone has vandalized the sign to say "stop, hammer time" after MC Hammer's past music hit.
9: Snowboarders hanging around in front of a building at the bottom of a ski hill.
9: A man riding a skateboard up the side of a wall.
9: A gray and white horse eating grass on a beach.
9: a bunch of sheep that are eating on some grass
9: A group of children walking down the street.
9: some food is laying on a silver pan
9: A bunch of fruits and vegetables for sale on display
9: a person sitting on a bench near a child playing
9: This is a modern living room with great natural lighting.
9: a red and blue passenger bust parked at a bus station
9: A collection of people standing in a beach area.
9: A new stainless steel refrigerator is in an older kitchen.
9: A busy street with many people riding motorcycles.
9: A giraffe standing upright near a group of trees.
9: A large clock tower against a cloudy sky.
9: A man and a woman stopped to smile and pose for a photo.  
9: A MAN SITTING DOWN AT A TABLE EATING SOMETHING
9: The man is advertising help for people's computers. 
9: two people riding on the back of an elephant
9: A transit bus riding down a busy city street.
9: White ferret under a blanket resting its head on a remote control.
9: a kite flies through the air over a park area 
9: A bathroom scene complete with a cast iron style tub.
9: The bed has lamps on the night stands next to the bed.
9: Several people are sitting on their surfboards in still ocean water.
9: A street sign on the corner of Wall Street and William Street.
9: Person on surf board laying on board going over a small wave.
9: A freight train approaching a rustic water tower.
9: A unique shot of what seems to be an old fashion city. 
9: A brown bear walking through a lush green forest.
9: A passenger jet airline taking off from the runway.
9: A man riding a surfboard on a wave in the ocean.
9: Two people with helmets on riding horses. 
9: A bundt cake on a plate by a bowl of fruit.
9: a bike that is parked next to a building
9: A motorcycle sitting on the side of the road.
9: A woman in a bikini top shearing a sheep.
9: a large giraffe and a small giraffe behind a fence
9: The kitchen is clean and ready to use. 
9: Several sail boats in water during the day.
9: Adult elephant walking in grassy outdoor enclosure area.
9: Soccer players are scrambling for the ball with one player down.
9: A close up of a street sign with street designations and shoes.
9: A large train on a track by some trees.
9: Giraffe standing next to a tree near a pond.
9: A woman standing next to a fence holding an umbrella.
9: two people in a field with a tree in the background
9: A dog lying on a chair with a dress shoe.
9: A busy highway is being viewed from a distance.
9: A traffic light showing green signal.Street sign board is there.
9: A group of birds that are standing in the sand.
9: A metal bench outside of a brick building's window.
9: A person on skateboard doing a trick on a block.
9: Panoramic view of a hospital room with medical machines and a woman lying in hospital bed.
9: Desert foods are served on two different plates.
9: A dog that is laying on the ground next to a Frisbee.
9: A man pushing a girl on a swing.
9: Man standing in yard of home playing with flying disc.
9: Women with an abundant amount of flowers strapped to a bicycle walking it down a street. 
9: Woman in a black hoodie holding up a toothbrush in her hand. 
9: This is three professional athletes from a long time ago.
9: Two women in aprons standing in an industrial kitchen.
9: A man and a woman in the ocean on a surf board.
9: A man skies across the water behind a boat. 
9: A full view of a big house with white lights. 
9: A woman with a scrunched up face and a camera covering one of her eyes.
9: Two crabs that are siting on plates on a table.
9: A man with a rough red beard pets a horse.
9: A young person is skateboarding on a side of the street. 
9: A person on a court with a tennis racket.
9: A boy is playing with a frisbee under the tree next to the water.
9: A person riding a horse on a city street near buildings.
9: The open roof tour bus has an advertisement of people doing yoga.
9: A small boy in pajamas has some cereal.
9: A young man is throwing a Frisbee to a boy in a gravel lot with other children and people walking around.
9: A train traveling past a yellow rusted fire hydrant.
9: A car is driving along a residential area.
9: Four statues holding umbrellas in a flower bed
9: A train sitting on a track next a little tree
9: a farmer and his dogs gathering up his cattle
9: a couple of signs are on a wood pole
9: Various people on the snow covered hill in skiing wear.
9: A man in a suit and tie next to other men in ties.
9: A black-and-white photo of a motorcycle with many headlights.
9: A man is playing tennis at night on a blue court.
9: A TV, a CD collection, status, and pictures on a wall. 
9: A view of a kitchen area in a restaurant.
9: A chocolate cake with strawberries on a plate
9: a group of men stand by some booths selling some items 
9: A lady is skiing across the top of a hill.
9: A snowy bench is sitting in the woods.
9: A four compartment tray holding various food items.
9: A vintage school book has a sheep drawn on the cover.
9: man wearing denim shirt and tie with spots
9: A large metal chair with a brown teddy bear in it.
9: A black motorcycle parked in a parking spot.
9: Buildings that line both sides of a street where cars are driving.
9: A puppy sitting on the ground in a bathroom
9: An adult and a baby zebra are on the savannah.
9: a person on a skateboard is doing a jump
9: Small child on skis talking to an adult on skis
9: People board a plane as a man in an orange vest walks towards the rear.
9: a couple of men are playing video games
9: A hand holds a hot dog with onions, mustard and relish.
9: A living room with two couches sitting on top of a hard wood floor.
9: A bedroom scene complete with a desk and laptop.
9: A small pizza sits on a plate next to a fork.
9: A rodeo rider on horseback attempting to lasso a cow.
9: Boy on a skateboard in mid air at a public space.
9: A cow tied to a rope is eating hay
9: A baseball player is swinging his bat at a ball.
9: An ordinary street scene with pedestrians and street signs.
9: An empty house with an open floor plan featuring a large kitchen and stone fireplace.
9: A warthog and a zebra running in a grassland.
9: A group of young children riding bikes and skateboards with each other.
9: A bunch of small airplanes flying in the sky.
9: A couple of people in the grass with a frisbee.
9: A plate topped with an open face sandwich.
9: Girl riding a bicycle past a picture of a fanciful zebra on a wall.
9: A small zebra is drinking milk from the larger zebra in the middle of the field.
9: A castle wall with a square black clock.
9: A brown horse pulling a trailer near a shore line.
9: A snowboarder riding his board down the slope.
9: A cake that has a name on it and candy on top.
9: A flower vase with a glow to it sitting on a table.
9: A woman carrying a surfboard on the shore of the beach.
9: a bowl of o-shaped cereal and side of fruit sitting on a blue table
9: A pair of buses sit next to each other on a road.
9: A girl wearing red playing tennis on a green and blue court.
9: a little dog standing on the back of a woman's bike 
9: A bunch of teddy bears hanging from the rafters. 
9: Two sandwich slices that are on a plate.
9: A man with a tennis racquet about to swing.
9: a living room with couches and chairs and a fire place
9: a piece of meat with sliced veggies with it on a plate 
9: A small old fashioned television that is sitting on the back of a bar.
9: A man is enjoying a large meal on a kitchen countertop.
9: A group of men looking at  a plane on the runway
9: A woman walking down the road in the rain with her umbrella. 
9: A breakfast of waffles, bananas and bacon on a plate.
9: A pile of books placed on top of a mechanical scale.
9: A lot of animals that are on a hill.
9: A woman is surfing on a wave on the ocean.
9: A small black step on a busy street.
9: A family of four sitting on an outdoor sofa
9: A young person is going down a skateboard ramp.
9: Black and white photograph of young schoolboys. 
9: A young man carries a backpack and surfboard.
9: a yellow taxi and  some buildings a street and people
9: A crowded city street filled with motorcycle and car traffic. 
9: A bunch of scissors sitting on a table with a hammer
9: A train parked on top of the tracks near a station.
9: A large herd of sheep in a grass field.
9: a board that has some greens on top of it
9: A young person with skis and poles walking up a steep hill.
9: A man and a woman playing video games together.
9: A couple of cats laying on top of a suitcase.
9: some people sitting at an outdoor table and talking to each other 
9: A bowl of grains on a table with bananas.
9: People carrying colorful umbrellas walking down sidewalk in the rain.
9: A large city bus is parked on the side of a street.
9: Fire trucks are parked in front a market and on firefighter is at the top of the ladder.
9: a blonde with a bed sheet wrapped around her body
9: A row of benches beside a tennis court.
9: Sign pointing to red fire hydrant in a rural area
9:  A young person wearing winter attire on skies.
9: Two horses attached to a carriage are parked on the side of a busy street.
9: A man cooking a pizza in a large oven.
9: A restaurant meal of rice, chicken and broccoli
9: A large clock with red hands sits about the entrance to a building.
9: two stuffed teddy bears sitting in a chair
9: Large bed with beige pillows and sheets and brown drawn curtains.
9: A desk area with several computer screens and coffee mugs.
9: A man riding a skateboard up the side of a ramp.
9: A purple swamphen with a red crest on its head walks on the ground.
9: Four containers of cooked rice, carrots, beans and an egg
9: A close up of a giraffe sticking its head in a sunroof
9: A bed with an orange bed sheet and pillows.
9: A computer with two monitors on the desk
9: A display of dozens of neck ties in many colors.
9: A bathroom with pedestal sink and mirror over it.
9: three cats and the withe and brown one is looking into the camera
9: A bowl of vegetable and rice soup with a spoon in it.
9: an orange white black and gray cat and a black and white umbrella
9: The man gives the thumbs up as he steps off the red bus.
9: Glasses and bottles are placed near a kitchen sink.
9: a couple of street signs are on a pole above a street
9: A very attractive woman holding a little girl that is chewing something.
9: a motorcycle with a blue vortex at the bottom because its by a grave yard
9: a group of people standing next to each other with some of them holding video game controllers
9: Cute little dog poses for a picture with the top of it's head dyed
9: Old time photo of a family that just played tennis.
9: There is antique oak furniture in the room and a mirror on the wall.
9: A baby sitting in a high chair with a piece of broccoli on the tray.
9: A lunch box of some sorts is placed on the table. 
9: A snowboarder grabs the back of her snowboard while jumping
9: Three people playing a video game in a living room. 
9: A vintage Chevrolet automobile with a toy bear under its hood.
9: Looking down at cookies baking in a home oven
9: A hand holding a cell phone in a parking garage.
9: a couple of cars that are going down a road
9: a couple of small figures of a man and a horse
9: A woman in the bathroom blow drying her fizzy hair.
9: A cat is laying on a bed next to some pillows.
9: a street corner is boarded by painted walls
9: A table topped with a cell phone and the contents of it's package.
9: Two giraffes foraging for food along the wall
9: People riding in a jeep on a dirt road.
9: A suitcase with a handle sitting on a sidewalk with cars on the street.
9: sheep with red spots on their backs standing in some tall grass 
9: Airplane food sitting on a display with people looking on. 
9: A little girl is preparing food at a table
9: A fire hydrant is next to the curb.
9: A couple embraces under an umbrella in the rain
9: A young male tennis player in action on a court.
9: a double decked bus parked by a stadium
9: A little girl standing at a table that has cup cakes on it.
9: A pretty old church sits in the sunlight.
9: A steam engine locomotive moving down the tracks through the forest.
9: A table displaying linens of assorted colors next to some scissors and paper.
9: Persons skating on skate board on snow covered ground.
9: A sign outside of a restaurant for Italian food. 
9: A vase with a lot of beautiful flowers sitting on a table.
9: A man with a goatee is wearing a vest and paisley print tie
9: A memorial with plagues, flowers and flags. 
9: A man takes a picture of snowy mountains with his cell phone.
9: A couple of signs hanging beside one another.
9: a couple of people are throwing a disk around
9: Yellow chrysanthemums are arranged in two white holders.
9: A group of young men are playing soccer.  
9: A big yellow school bus parked on a street.
9: two people on a beach with a kite flying in the sky 
9: A dog sleeping on the corner of an untidy bed.
9: shirtless man in red swim trunks rides surfboard
9: Large white sheets on a blanket with a yellow headboard. 
9: This is a small kitchen with white cabinets and appliances.
9: A man contemplating something he's looking at on a laptop.
9: A piece of broccoli partially surrounded by knife blades.
9: A woman with a tennis racket on a court.
9: a pair of scissors and tap that are on a table
9: A small bowl of bread pudding served on a plate
9: A guy is in a shop working on a motorcycle. 
9: A tennis player takes a stance to return a tennis ball.
9: A baby elephant standing on a log by the fence.
9: A man sits at a table with beer and pizza.
9: An airplane flys above a very tall building.
9: A baseball player wearing red swings at a ball.
9: A sticker has been placed onto a fire hydrant on a sidewalk.
9: Three zebra are grazing on grass in an open field.
9: Young men in jeans skateboarding on concrete steps.
9: A woman standing in front of an open door next to a board.
9: Triumph motorcycle and informational wall signage on display at an indoor showroom. 
9: A parent skiing down the slopes with their child.
9: The horses are grazing on the grassy field. 
9: A bunch of images of some tasty looking food.
9: A black and white photo of a small child with a tie
9: Two slices of chicken pizza on a plate.
9: An intersection street sign with town homes and skyscrapers in the background.
9: A young boy wearing a black and white striped shirt.
9: a man on skis standing on a snowy terrain 
9: there is a glass vase with dying flowers in it
9: A reflection is seen in a cars rearview mirror.
9: A group of young boys standing around a soccer field kicking around a soccer ball.
9: An open floor plan of a living room and dining room with red walls.
9: a number of fruits at a market 
9: Two people laying on a wooden sculpture outdoors.
9: A bowl is filled with fresh chopped broccoli. 
9: A plate of food sits next to a glass of wine, a knife, and a fork. 
9: a small boy in a blue shirt holding a banana peel
9: Two elephants snuggling together on a muddy bank.
9: An orange and black jet fighter craft deploying smoke.
9: One man helping another man adjust his tie in front of bushes.
9: A woman in blue and yellow jacket placing face next to a sheep.
9: Two dogs in the sand with the ocean in the background. 
9: A picture of a teddy bear with some message
9: A woman standing behind a large clock facing a body of water.
9: A small airplane parked in the middle of a field
9: A kitchen with an oven, stove top and more.
9: Young adults riding on city sidewalk with skateboards.
9: A black and white cat is cuddled with a red toy.
9: A very cute lady holding some food by her face.
9: A group of four military airplanes in a flight formation.
9: a man is walking towards a truck with bikes
9:  Two drawings of a lady in glasses holding an umbrella in the rain.
9: A man is sitting while a woman is standing next to him holding a glass of wine.
9: Two men and a woman dressed in business attire.
9: Several pieces of bread sitting on a grill with a person putting vegetables on top of them.
9: A tennis player is standing on a tennis court with a racquet in his hand.
9: A bench on the bank of a river near a tree. 
9: there is a man sitting at a table and using a lap top
9: The six donuts are made with various seasonings.
9: Some garden vegetables are on an outdoor bench.
9: A grey cat lounges on a cat bed inside a cage.
9: Three cheese pizza sticks are on a plate.
9: A man getting ready to eat a large sandwich.
9: Two parking meters fully covered with snow 
9: Box of donuts with donut holes in the middle.
9: A train makes its way down a train track.
9: A snowboarder is performing a trick over the railing of an overpass.
9: An airplane at the terminal of an airport.
9: a couple of steel pipes lay on the ground next to each other 
9: a sign attached to a metal post with trees in the background
9: a fire hydrant on the corner of a city street
9: A room that has a large television and television stand.
9: A rectangular pizza is on a stove next to pots.
9: a close up of a vase with many different flowers in it
9: Peanut butter and chocolate cake served on a black plate.
9: A line of neon colored motorcycles parked in front of a bar.
9: two men are resting on a bench 
9: Two zebras in an enclosure at a zoo
9: A man who is standing on some snow skis.
9: An overweight cow with a hole in it's side.
9: A large amount of toys are stacked on shelves.
9: A close up image of a bike gear and chain.
9: Persons in a protest rally with flags and banners.
9: A man posing in front of a large truck.
9: A bear walks through a field with grass and flowers.
9: A group of people that are holding snowboards.
9: A tan bathroom with a bathroom and sink.
9: Small black bird with red on its head standing on a tree branch. 
9: a long wooden bench on a boat on the ocean water
9: A herd of cattle standing on a  lush green field.
9: a small child is looking in a fridge
9: an orange sitting on top of a wooden table
9: A young man standing next to a racecar on a display lot.
9: Crisp white bedding creates a stately environment when combined with a cherry ensemble.
9: A large clock tower stands in the middle of a town square. 
9: A skateboarder doing tricks while people behind him watch
9: Two men dressed as animals entertaining a group of children.
9: A living room with a chandelier and picture window.
9: The cat is curious about what is in the shoe.
9: Boy running with a soccer ball in a fenced area.
9: a couple of of young men standing on top of a snow covered slope.
9: A hamburger covered in cheese and veggies and a bun.
9: A spoon that is in a black bowl.
9: The kitchen is decorated red and white with a small oven.
9: A white toilet sitting next to a bath tub.
9: A man in a car bites into a frosted doughnut. 
9: A desk that has some items on it.
9: one man looks at a laptop and two others look at a toy truck on a beach
9: The cat is sitting on the laptop keyboard.
9: a boy is taking a picture with a flip phone
9: the contents of a purse spread out on a table by the purse
9: A black, brown and white cat on toilet seat next to a shower.
9: This man is skiing down a mountain slope.
9: A convex mirror hanging from the side of a bus.
9: There is an aquarium built in over the top of the bed
9: A cat is seen in a mirror as it lays on a bed near a dresser.
9: A empty bench on a snow covered beach.
9: large tall outdoor clock on a city street
9: a red pole in a white and dirty bathroom
9: Three young men sitting on a bench wearing dress formals.
9: two females sitting on the carpet opening presents
9: A clock is hanging from the ceiling at the station
9: A living room with two windows filled with furniture.
9: An airplane parked on a runway with the name "Star Alliance" on the side of the plane.
9: Two skiers pose on top of the ski slope against a mountain range.
9: A view of an office desk with a cell phone clipped to it using a phone holder with clip.
9: A little girl standing on the grassy area of a beach.
9: A dog sitting on a chair in a room. 
9: A hand holds a small bowl of rice and vegetables.
9: A woman holding an umbrella is standing near a flower shop.
9: A person taking a picture in a bathroom. 
9: A couple of zebra standing next to each other.
9: A box of donuts of various shapes and flavors.
9: A large white horse next to a calf in a meadow.
9: A car and bike on a city street.
9: A black  motorcycle parked outside of a house.
9: A young girl smiling as she holds the handle of her suitcase.
9: A group of people who are standing on skateboards.
9: A city intersection where one section of the street is blocked off.
9: A horse pulling a cart with a man driving through the street.
9: LOTS OF BROKEN TOILETS SITTING OUT ON A LAWN
9: A girl happily eating a pizza in a restaurant. 
9: a tall clock tower with a ferris wheel in the background
9: some surfers and a swimmer in the water
9: A building clock tower with a weather vein at the top.
9: An otherwise uninspired grey facade is jazzed up with a big black clock, featuring an address in pink neon. 
9: A view of a parking lot with parking meters.
9: a smiling parent and child posing for a picture in the kitchen.
9: A family is standing under and umbrella with their small child.
9: A group of people who are riding a ski lift to the top of a hill.
9: A plastic box full of powdered donuts on a wooden table.
9: Four people unloading and loading from a train
9: A cat wearing a polka dot bow tie
9: a couple of men stand on some green brass 
9:  a close up of two hot dogs in a plate 
9: The fish was served with baked potato and broccoli.
9: A sign for the Castro district among 3 lights at an intersection. 
9: A boy is on the beach and is seated on a surfboard.
9: A train is going overhead with a tree and banners down below it.
9: A cat sits in one of the luggage bags that is being packed.
9: A person a surf board riding the water waves.
9: Cat looking at hockey game on television screen
9: Black and white photograph of women on an old park bench
9: A cowboy leaning over to work on a horse's foot.
9: A train passing by a heavily wooded area.
9: two women and a man talking in a kitchen
9: Many people have umbrella opened when there is no rain. 
9: The large crowd of people stand on a sidewalk.
9: A man smiles and poses with a bunch of bananas.
9: An airplane flying in a clear blue sky.
9: This chihuahua is barely bigger than the television remote.
9: A train sitting on a track next to an abandoned track.
9: a white kitchen with a ceiling fan a stove and refrigerator
9: A green truck is parked in a concrete parking lot.
9: A tidy desk is covered with Apple products and pamphlets. 
9: A baseball player pushing another player on to the field
9: A colorful bathroom with four sinks in front of a large mirror.
9: A person working in a kitchen next a fryer and a heat lamp.
9: A row of parked motorcycles sitting in front of a store front.
9:  cake with several slices removed and placed on two plates. 
9: Two stuffed teddy bears are placed on a couch together.  
9: Sever people are sitting next to each other while using laptops.
9: An adult and young horse interacting in a field of grass.
9: A desk with multiple computer monitors and a laptop.
9: A cat lying lazily on top of a suitcase.
9: A side view of a giraffe by some trees in the woods.
9: The cat is sleeping on the keyboard of the laptop.
9: the people are laughing sitting next to each other
9: A cop is riding a motorcycle at an intersection in a city at night.
9: There is a large plane on the runway for takeoff
9: A traffic light that has the no walk signal lit up.
9: a small boy takes a swing at a t-ball stand.
9: Woman removing a roast turkey and stuffing from a home oven,
9: A child playing with trains on a toilet.
9: A bathroom with a toilet and a shower with no stall.
9: A large group of people sitting at tables with umbrellas.
9: A baseball player swinging a bat at home plate.
9: A baby giraffe is eating grass from a food box.
9: A bathroom with a toilet, shower stall, sink and a mirror.
9: A large selection of veggies are piled together on a table. 
9: a hot dog and a tin of juice
9: Man who is in color playing tennis in black and white
9: The floor of a residential bathroom is being repaired. 
9: The empty bench is in front of the machines.
9: A big clock on the side of a big building.
9: A man is working a pizza in a pizza oven
9: A large organ van is parked next to a smaller van. 
9: two men walking down a city streen next to a blue pole.
9: Group of motorcycles lines up alongside a motel.
9: A woman walks along a path with her umbrella on an rainy autumn day
9: A man on the street is talking on a cell phone.
9: there is a hot dog and drink from nathans on the table
9: Man walking down the street under a black umbrella.
9: A far off view of a mono rail and piers
9: Three green parakeets perch on top of a leafless branch.
9: A tray with white rice, pork, and steamed broccoli, cauliflower and broccoli.
9: The dog is relaxing with his blanket on the loveseat.
9: The animals are grazing  the grassy scenic area.
9: An orange bus stopped at a bus stop.
9: A skateboarder wears a red Mickey Mouse shirt.
9: A giraffe laying on the grass near a fence.
9: some food cooking in the oven on some tin foil 
9: a bathroom with a white sink and gold faucet 
9: The two men are waiting on their boards to surf the waves. 
9: People walking past a boy skateboarding in a covered plaza
9: Is that hail hitting the pavement in front of the fire hydrant?
9: A thin crust pizza with sever toppings on it.
9: A two story blue building with a "Israel" sign.
9: A person skateboarding on a sidewalk at night.
9: A young boy in a highchair with a large birthday cake.
9: a person's crossed legs sitting out of a car window
9: People are entering and exiting a train at a station.
9: A street in the dark with car lights and stop lights shining.
9: A bird with a long neck and long bill swimming.
9: a woman is standing with a plate in the kitchen
9: Small dog jumping to catch a frisbee near a playground.
9: a bunch of sheep standing on some grass 
9: Bunches of bananas are neatly arranged on a display.
9: a vase filled with bright blue and orange flowers 
9: A bird with a red and yellow beak leaning over to some water.
9: a cat standing on the edge of a toilet bowl with its front paws inside of the toilet.
9: A plane from the old world flies across the sky. 
9: A surfer is para sailing along a large wave.
9: A man who is smoking a cigarette and sitting next to some luggage.
9: A woman holding her child by the pick-up area of an airport
9: Two women are going for a ride on an elephant 
9: A boy riding a skateboard with large wheels down a grassy hill.
9: a baseball player swinging a bat at a ball
9: Cows loose in traffic on a city street 
9: A covered train station with a passenger train parked next to the platform and a person walking on the platform.
9: A horse pulling a cart with luggage and a truck nearby in a city street
9: A young woman with bruised face and bloody now holding a stuffed animal mouse in her arms.
9: A book on display next to a wooden elephant figurine.
9: On a narrow street people are taking pictures of sheep.
9: a person in a field playing frisbee 
9: A computer keyboard next to a computer mouse.
9: A smiling group of people watching a married couple cut a wedding cake.
9: A computer screen pressed against a window curtain.
9: A man is riding a skateboard in the distance.
9: a man that is holding a surfboard walking on some sand
9: a close up of a person wearing a suit and tie 
9: The herd of sheep is standing on the grass.
9: A suitcase packed with a variety of food products
9: A living room has a maroon couch and overhead fan.
9: A person checking papers as people board a bus.
9: A cat sits with its paws on a table next to a glass of wine. 
9: A hot dog with mustard and catchup on it
9: A man uses the computer while sitting at a table.
9: A black and white cow is standing by a wood pile.
9: An older woman is petting her white horse.
9: A baseball player in a red shirt is ready to hit the ball.
9: Beautiful large surfboards on a rack at the beach.
9: The two zebras are grazing in the wild
9: A large batch of pineapples stacked up next to each other.
9: The train sits on the track in a covered bay.
9: A baseball player holding a bat and a catcher squatting behind him. 
9: A table set with plates of food and mugs of coffee.
9: Two youths with an aluminum tray of food.
9: a close up of a pizza on a pan on a table 
9: Many large boats are docked near each other.
9: Shirtless man upending his surfboard near the end of a run.
9: an image of a plantation of bananas on vine
9: A man is doing a trick using his board on the water
9: A group of people standing around a metal pan.
9: Young Japanese man smiling in his chair possibly in his office.
9: a tram car door as seen from the inside
9: A group of people sitting and standing by tables with laptops on them.
9: An Asian man playing soccer in a field.
9: Small bird perched on a branch in a wooded area.
9: An arrangement of tables and umbrellas with the sea in the background.
9: Two people walking on beach next to white umbrella.
9: The train is traveling down the railroad tracks.
9: A machine that holds a lot of donuts and cooks them. 
9: a white cat sitting under a white umbrella
9: A table with a plate full of speghetti and garlic bread.
9:  bunch of laptops are in a room
9: Two zebras standing in the middle of a sandy area
9: A man jumping on a snow board in the snow 
9: a bird that is on a small branch of a tree
9: Young toddler smiling in front of a picnic table licking frosting from fork.
9: A small kitchen with a table with two chairs.
9: A man standing next to a bat of luggage.
9: A man holding a white umbrella over another white umbrella.
9: A man on an outdoor basketball court going to get a ball.
9: A young woman feeds a giraffe at the zoo
9: A toilet next to a towel rack and a picture of a flower.
9: A fuzzy picture of a man in the middle of a skiing jump
9: A boy skateboarding along the top of a marble garden shelf.
9: A man holding a racquet in front of a crowd.
9: People shopping at farmers market with fruit under red umbrellas
9: A two layer white and red cake with a knife through the middle.
9: A man is surfing the waves of the ocean.
9: A stuffed animal in the light sitting on the ground
9: Electronically controlled car displayed nest to clock and metal glasses.
9: A group of soccer players compete for the ball. 
9: A man in a suit and tie sitting at a dining table.
9: A person riding a board on top of water.
9: Two bench's sitting on the ground near a fence.
9: a kitchen and dining room with a big window 
9: Three people stand on an empty beach watching a bird in the sky.
9: A group of young people standing next to a field by a herd of sheep.
9: A rusted area in the floor where a toilet used to sit.
9: Two children and two adults are in front of cake on a table.
9: A herd of sheep are standing together facing forward for a group photo.
9: a bowl filled with a pear, grapes and an orange 
9: Photos show different moves and techniques in tennis.
9: A freight train approaches a railroad crossing signal on tracks bordered by water.
9: A man has swung at a pitch by a catcher.
9: Ham, broccoli and carrots in a skillet on the stove.
9: A person and skateboard in the air in an indoor area with posts and graffiti.
9: A cat looking at itself in a mirror.
9: A man talking and pointing his finger at something or someone.
9: a very old rusty looking airplane with two propellers
9: a close up of a giraffe in an outdoor area
9: A sidewalk lined with street vendors selling food.
9: A young boy is playing with a cell phone in his bedroom. 
9: a motorcycle parked near other bikes and people near by
9: A sign says one way and Beaver Place.
9: A blue travel bus parked near a curb
9: A street car going along a track on its own.
9: A bear cub struggles to scale a boulder.
9: A young man ridding a surfboard down the rapids of a river.
9: Chickpeas and rice are paired on a plate with peas and carrots.
9: A bunch of teddy bears sitting on a stone wall.
9: A woman holding a plate and wine glass at an outdoor gathering.
9: A busy street by large Gothic style buildings.
9: A couple of zebra's being affectionate with each other.
9: A modern subway train is lit up at night. 
9: Single commuter train car at a rail station.
9: a man that is walking down a brick road with a umbrella
9: a kitchen counter with a microwave and a sink
9: a couple of bowls filled with some soup 
9: Dog rolling around on a bed adorned with khaki and blue bedding
9: a bunch of luggage is stacked up in a room
9: A group of baseball players standing on a field.
9: there are two elephants touching trunks together by some bushes
9: A couple is sitting at a table with food.
9: a small boy is eating at a blue table
9: A robot with an umbrella walking on a straight line.
9: A group of people sitting around a table having a meal.
9: A man smiles while sitting down and having wine.
9: A person lounging on a bed in a room filled with bikes, furniture, and a TV
9: A man who is on a skateboard on a ramp.
9: A digital camera seems to be plugged in charging. 
9: The person is smoking and talking on the phone.
9: A large flock of seagulls gathered at a shoreline by the ocean.
9: A group of people walk alongside a bus in the city.
9: The woman is reading the newspaper while sitting down in the chair. 
9: a giraffe walking in a field with trees in the background
9: A young boy smiles next to a toy train.
9: An intersection on what appears to be a suburb area of a city. 
9: Some fresh vegetables sit together in a bowl. 
9: A man is sitting on the sidewalk while a police officer is doing something behind him.
9: A man on a skateboard coming down from a jump.
9: Cows grazing in a pasture of green grass with a silo in the background.
9: A person standing on a tennis court with people watching.
9: A wooden bench in a room made of wood with a white, painted window.
9: A refrigerator in a very messy kitchen with white cupboards.
9: A professional baseball player is holding a bat.
9: Potato's, vegetables, and meat sitting on a plate.
9: A group of people riding motorcycles down the street.
9: A man on a surfboard riding a wave.
9: A bull with a bell around its neck in a field.
9: Cars parked on the side of a sidewalk.
9: A skateboarder reaches the top of a ramp.
9: A couple of animals that are walking in the dirt.
9: A man that is sitting down on a toilet.
9: A cat is watching some birds on a television.
9: Two photos of a corner of a room with a chair and a couch.
9: A man sitting on a bench with tennis gear beside him.
9: A sign is pointing in the direction of the bus route.
9: A stuffed bear with no mouth wearing a red handkerchief.
9: a double decker bus is parked on a street 
9: a large bird catching a gray from in shallow water near grass
9: two toothbrushes and a tube of toothpaste in a cup
9: A long train riding down a rail road track.
9: Children are watching two giraffes fenced in an enclosure.
9: A man standing while holding the cell phone in his hand up to his ear.
9: A stop sign sits below two signs that read "A First".
9: A train stopped at a train stop with sign saying Stafford. 
9: A very well dressed guy with a bright red tie.
9: Two young surfers display their boards and bare chests.
9: A white and black trolly in street with building in the background.
9: Broccoli is on a cutting board and is being cut in to smaller pieces.
9: Many people laying and playing on a beach and in the water.
9: Someone is holding a veggie with a bite already taken from it. 
9: A white cat is sitting under a car.
9: Two cakes have been placed in front of a family.
9: A group of people have a picnic on a sunny day.
9: People are rowing a boat in a canal by houses.
9: Large, tall buildings stand close together in an Asian city.
9: a group of birds flying with a sky back ground
9: A person on a skateboard riding on a ledge. 
9: A baseball player who has just thrown the baseball.
9: A group of men sitting and watching two playing games on a TV.
9: A stoplight on a pole near a large building 
9: an empty red track circling around a quiet park
9: The plate contains shrimp and broccoli with a brown sauce.
9: Two people holding up a large tray of doughnuts
9: a girl painting a rabbit on an umbrella  
9: A bearded man showing a horse to women in a horse stall
9: A man handing out pizza in the middle of an inner city on a snowy winter day.
9: A man riding a skateboard over a fire hydrant.
9: A boy playing tennis on a tennis court swings his racket.
9: An injured man bandaged and being treated in a hospital.
9: some people are sitting at a table with food and drinks
9: A baseball player is preparing to pitch the ball.
9: a big plane flying through the air over some building
9: A display of several elaborately decorated pink and white cakes.
9: A plate of chips and a plate of chips and a burger with a saltshaker nearby.
9: A young beautiful woman in a short jean skirt.
9: A car is parked under a unique sign.
9: One red and green apple in focus among other apples
9: A double decker bus is at a traffic light.
9: A ship sits in a dock in dirty water
9: An adult and baby elephants grazing on tree branches.
9: The truck is driving between a man on a bicycle and one on a motorcycle.
9: Several people are paddling a paddle boat on the lake.
9: A herd of cattle walking down a road being followed by a cowboy.
9: A box with a pizza that has cheese. mushrooms and black olives on it, cut into pieces.
9: A clock that is on the top of a pole.
9: a parking meter with the word "fail" written on it
9: A dog being led down the street, by a woman on a bike.
9: An older lady posing for a picture wearing a tennis outfit. 
9: Giraffes are feeding on the trees and grass.
9: Person wearing black shoes on top of a skateboard. 
9: A person sitting at a table eating a sandwich.
9: A plate with chicken, bread, broccoli and carrots.
9: Several children holding teddy bears in a store.
9: A young tennis in the distance swinging her racket. 
9: A multicolored cat with it's eyes closed, laying on top of a microwave oven.
9: Traffic turns left at a green light that also indicates "70"
9: Outside, a woman from front looking down at and holding an infant with both arms and hands, while standing in front of low fence with sign with picture of giraffe, and on other side of fence are bushes, trees, and giraffes.
9: A train engine parked at a train stop.
9: a tennis player hitting a serve on a court
9: A woman's hair being blown while riding in a car. 
9: A laying on a chair with an umbrella on the beach.
9: This is an image of an apple device.
9: A banana and a phone charger inside of an open pack
9: People carrying bags and walking through a parking lot.
9: a number of people walking on a side walk
9: The sky is very bright blue at a sandy beach.
9: A bus stopping outside a large brick house.
9: Sheep are gathered together in a dry, grassy fenced-in area.
9: A prop airplane flying on a cloudless day.
9: A tennis player is in the process of serving the ball.
9: A person sheering the wool off a sheep.
9: A white bowl filled with apples and cinnamon.
9: A pavement on which there is a bicycle and a toilet.
9: A player at bat in a baseball game.
9: A bicycle's front basket is filled with fresh apples.
9: A remote control sitting on a table with the telivision in the background. 
9: Some people standing on a sidewalk near some water
9: A room with a twin size bed and a fan.
9: A man in a suit misses when he tries to kick a soccer ball.
9: a skateboarder in a gray sweatshirt is doing a trick
9: A little girl with a toothbrush in her mouth bending over a sink.
9: A young black boy swinging a baseball bat.
9: A giraffe standing next to a tree on top of a field.
9: A person skiing down a snow covered slope. 
9: The woman is walking while talking on her phone. 
9: A group of people are sitting at a table enjoying a meal together.
9: A transit bus sitting in a secluded parking lot.
9: Large commuter train in a station being blocked by red barriers. 
9: A man holding a surfboard and balancing more on his head.
9: The kitchen needs to be cleaned before we can use it.
9: A picture of someone in a gorilla suite doing stunts on a skate board. 
9: a male in a white shirt and black shorts playing tennis
9: A tennis player preparing to serve the ball at a tennis match.
9: A man laying on top of an orange raft.
9: Three zebras that are standing in the grass.
9: A boy is holding up two different Wii controllers.
9: People laying and standingg on beach while many kites fly.
9: there are many sinks in this public bathroom 
9: A man standing in front of a group of men getting ready to throw a bass to another man.
9: A young boy stands shirtless, wearing a blue tie.
9: Nice looking front room with brown furniture to decorate it with.
9: a hairy man in glasses brushing his teeth
9: An antique, turquoise car is parked at the curb
9: A group of skateboarders riding down a busy street
9: A bunch of different colored umbrellas on tables.
9: A clock tower with a blue window underneath it.
9: a person riding a skate board at a skate park
9: Stop sign with graffiti on it that adds the words never and loving on the sign. 
9: The mirror of the bus is near a gas station.
9: The keys 1, 4, 7, and 8 are clearly visible on the remote.
9: The cat lies on a step outside a doorway.
9: this woman is sitting on a wood bench
9: Table on deck set with snacks and filled glasses.
9: A long, narrow kitchen looking into a hallway.
9: A person skiing down a snow covered ski jump.
9: A full view of an open kitchen and dining area.
9: two people sitting on a purple bench and a little bird standing on the grass

9: There is a skateboard sitting on top of a surfboard.
9: A woman standing beside a vintage red and white aircraft.
9: A signage and lights on the bay with some boats on the sea
9: a double image of the same man, left side in black and white
9: The two woman are posing for a photo with their surfboard. 
9: A man walks under a large gray elephant.
9: A tennis player at a formal tennis match. 
9: A stop sign next to a tree with little leaves on it
9: a person sitting on a bed in a room with two beds
9: A couple of kids walking with umbrellas in their hands.
9: There are two men working in an industrial kitchen.
9: A plate topped with broccoli and vegetables on a table.
9: a bathroom with one toilet next to a toilet bowl cleaner
9: Young children kicking a soccer ball in a game
9: A plane is taking off from an airport
9: A person flying a kite on the beach.
9: A man sitting on a bench talking on a cell phone.
9: A man in suit and tie walking in front of a white building.
9: Woman in black dress and high heeled shoes on small skateboard.
9: A black bear walking around in the grass during the day. 
9: A Amtrak train that is stopped at a station for loading of passengers. 
9: Bird cages hanging over a cobblestone alley full of people and motorcycles.
9: A pitcher throws out a ball on the field during a game.
9: A group of sheep standing by a tree.
9: Street signs show the intersection of two city streets. 
9: A desk that has three computers sitting on it.
9: a close up of a plate of food 
9: A man with a surfboard on the beach looking into the water.
9: People in conversation at a meeting in an office conference room.
9: Young boy pointing from background on table with breakfast meal of scrambled eggs, toast, hot chocolate or milk (for the boy).
9: A glass shower is next to a toilet.
9: Busy two way street with pedestrians along both sides.
9: A man shaving in a large bathroom mirror.
9: a wide screen tv a small table with fruit on it and shelves with nick knacks 
9: A group of people carrying pink umbrellas on a sidewalk.
9: two golden griffins on a clock on a tall gothic building
9: A laptop computer with a laptop keyboard on top of it.
9: Small child holding an orange and yellow sign in front of a woman. 
9: A group of Army soldiers visit a memorial. 
9: two children  in pajamas playing with refrigerator magnets.
9: an image of a cake next to a stack of plates
9: A pan full of roasted vegetables on top of a stove. 
9: A young boy sitting at table eating from a green bowl.
9: Cows standing behind a fence that has a segment of fruit on it.
9: A dog laying on its side with a remote control under its paw.
9: A giraffe stands with it's front legs spread apart.
9: A large clock on a building with benches.
9: A box of donuts that is opened up.
9: A group of men standing near a vehicle and planes.
9: A catcher in white uniform during a baseball game.
9: A teenage boy makes a skateboard jump in a hallway.
9: An insect is chewing some carrot inside a wooden cage. 
9: A shiny wooden object is decorated with crosses.
9: An equestrian riding a brown horse during a horse show
9: A woman that is sitting on a wooden bench.
9: A woman is standing and holding a tennis racquet.
9: A female tennis player is looking at her racket.
9: a skinny cat looking over the side of a ledge next to some bottles 
9: The jars on the table are full of oranges.
9: There is big Ben in the middle of the city.  
9: Numerous zebra and other animals grazing in a field with many trees in the background.
9: The living room with crimson sofa and brown sofa with papers on it.
9: A man standing in front of a laptop computer.
9: A sheriff hat is on a table with a blue ribbon and a bandana.
9: A red, yellow, blue and white plane parked on concrete.
9: A man is on top of a roof with a cigarette in his mouth.
9: A woman sits in a cafe and uses her laptop.
9: A statue of a man with a hat on the street.
9: A lady in a dress lays on a bed holding a book.
9: a person riding a skate board on a body of water 
9: A small group of people standing in a red and white room 
9: A chair sitting at a fire hydrant near a road.
9: The stuffed animal is reading about other countries.
9: A man holding a baby in his arms next to a little girl.
9: People on a beach near palm trees flying a kite.
9: A boy standing in the door of a bus.
9: A giraffe is standing behind a fence at a zoo
9: A blurry black and white image of a little boy playing.
9: Dishes are in a kitchen sink below a window.
9: A market area with many kites hanging from roof.
9: A baby eating a cake with a tie around his/her neck with balloons in the background.
9: A train arrives next to another train in a station.
9: Large donut advertisement with the words "Randy's Donuts" painted on it.
9: A computer that is on a shelve in a room.
9: A white outdoor street sign reads date street.
9: A person skateboarding down the middle of a street.
9: We see a small hand sticking out of a large black case.
9: Men carrying heavy suitcases in old fashioned photo.
9: A building with a clock tower is looked over by the moon. 
9: The skier is making a high jump in the snow.
9: a person is typing on a laptop on a desk
9: Two trains moving at the same time on opposite tracks. 
9: two people sitting near sheep on hay 
9: A white dog has a half-brown face, and stands on the sidewalk.
9: A yellow train on the track at the train station.
9: A person doing a tail slide on a rail in a skate park.
9: a male in a blue shirt is holding a baby and they are on a bed
9: A man and two dogs on a green surfboard out on the water.
9: A window of a car with rain going down the window
9: A  bear walking down the grass in the open.
9: a cat that is laying down some bags
9: A concrete table and chairs under a red umbrella with pots of red flowers in a park.
9: Two men handling luggage in a parking structure.
9: A man sitting on a bench in front of a building undergoing construction.
9: A woman stands in the kitchen with a vest draped over a chair.
9: Tow cups of coffee are presented in front of a vintage single cup coffee maker.
9: a big boats sits on some water 
9: a small stuffed bear is laying on the ground
9: a child with a hat and sunglasses and is holding a stick
9: A wooden board with a birthday cake on top of it.
9: A tall church tower sitting on the corner of a street.
9: Fruit and other edible snacks enclosed in glass containers. 
9: A laptop with a mouse is on a small desk.
9: A bedroom with two beds, a small desk, and a door open to a patio.
9: A person standing with a umbrella standing by a rail.
9: A male tennis player in action on the court.
9: a man stands next to a parked bike 
9: A motorcycle rally with leading person showing flag of US.
9: A man that is riding on a elephant.
9: a man on skis cross a snowy pass 
9: A white plate topped with a cut in half sandwich.
9: A tennis player walking across a tennis court.
9: A skier preparing to go up a large mountain.
9: An elephant rubbing its head against a large metal pole.
9: People getting on the bus at a bus stop
9: Some cars are driving by a construction site.
9: View pointing upward of a skyline in a city
9: An older man sitting on a bench looking at sheep
9: a picture of a bathroom and its toilet
9: A pizza topped with cheese, tomato sauce, and mushrooms being sliced on a plate.
9: two elephants are playing in a green field
9: A yellow and black train speeding along the rails.
9: A boy holding an umbrella while standing next to livestock.
9: a cat curled up on a skateboard in a living room
9: Red and white fire hydrant sitting on the side of the road. 
9: the sheep are grazing in the green grass
9: A woman checks her phone outside at night while holding a drink.
9: Room model with two chairs, a dresser, picture frame on the wall and other items.
9: boy with glasses and red shirt holding electronics
9: Two young boys are seated with their legs crossed.
9: a train parked out side a large train station
9: A long train is going down the tracks by phone poles.
9: A black cat with a beanie on it's head.
9: A woolly sheep stands in the grass looking at the camera. 
9: a girl with half an orange shoved in her mouth
9: A bunch of cut meat sitting on a cutting board.
9: A car is stopped in front of a stop sign
9: A mixing bowl and beaters with batter on them
9: a toy dog looking in a toy mirror
9: A women who is crossing the street with an umbrella.
9: a couple of people that are dressed up dancing
9: A twin bed with restraints and a blood pressure machine next to it.
9: Several birds resting in or hovering over water 
9: This skateboarder is holding a skateboard on top of his foot.
9: Small grey elephant standing in its cage alone.
9: A serving knife rests on a deep dish pizza on a wooden table.
9: a man helping a little girl cut a cake on a table covered with food 
9: a pair of scissors sitting on some black mesh fabric
9: A bunch of boats floating in the water 
9: A person in a room in front of a stove.
9: Many caps and gloves sit in front of the players in a baseball dugout.
9: Two boys carving pumpkins while a lady watches.
9: a man holding a surf board makes his way down a hill
9: A small engine World War plane sitting in a museum field.
9: A table has a cutting board with chopped vegetables.
9: A person on some skis in the snow.
9: There are many people at a baseball game. 
9: a clean kitchen with 4 stools in it.
9: a man playing with his kite as it flies through the sky
9: an empty bench sitting on the side of a sidewalk
9: An older man sitting on an airplane with earphones and watching a television in the headrest that is in front of his seat.
9: A group of individuals pose for the camera on the slopes.
9: A small bathroom with a stand up shower
9: A woman driving a horse drawn carriage down a street.
9: A woman standing between a motor bike and a striped wall over a river.
9: A double decker bus with passengers driving down the road.
9: This is a dirty parking lot with several school buses in it.
9: A man adjusts his tie with a sticker on his shirt.
9: Two giraffes are walking through the green shrubs.
9: Woman sitting on a rock by a stream, panning for gold.
9: Two computer monitors, two keyboards and two CPU's on a desk.
9: A man with a tattooed arm and brown cut off shorts looks down at his skateboard.
9: two children are feeding a giraffe and trees
9: A girl in a red dress and hat is holding her phone.
9: A vintage car with surfboards fastened on top sits parked on the grass.
9: A cell phone that is on top of a table.
9: A group of people standing on top of a sandy beach.
9: A black cat looks at the camera while lying on a suitcase. 
9: A bunch of people gathered at a park for a kite fly in.
9: A woman vigorously plays tennis by running off the court.
9: The giraffes are standing by the people outside eating.
9: A skaterboader flipping his skateboard in the air.
9: A woman smiles as a man cooks on a stove.
9: The quizzical toaster with spoon feet also has facial features.

9: A small cat stand underneath an open umbrella.
9: A person at the beach in a wetsuit next to a bike with a surfboard attached.
9: a nude man brushing his teeth with the window shades open
9: A dual parking meter on a city block.
9: Man in light blue t-shirt showing off French door refrigerator.
9: Two trains passing each other in an open field. 
9: A polar bear cooling off in the water.
9: a man that is standing on top of a surfboard
9: A couple sit on a motorcycle at the beach.
9: A blue bedroom with aquarium-like murals painted on the walls. 
9: An abandoned boat sitting on the edge of the beach
9: Train engineer standing near small working train engine.
9: A styrofoam container filled with different kinds of vegetables.
9: people in a meeting and a lady with a very nice phone
9: a man that is sitting on a park bench
9: many people sitting at different tables under a tent
9: a couple of zebras standing together and eating
9: A man with glasses on biting into a piece of cake.
9: Some cars are at an intersection with stop lights.
9: Several surfers in the water beneath a blue sky.
9: The man is posing for a picture with a tie, sunglasses, and a hat on.
9: A very tall clock tower illuminated by lighting.
9: A man in tie and shorts walking on a sidewalk.
9: A peanut better and banana sandwich with a glass of milk
9: A guy wearing a straw hat and a gray hoodie milks a cow.
9: a silver park bench sits in concrete with grass behind
9: Desktop and laptop computers and other office supplies on a desk.
9: a sliced up cake laying on a table next to a glass of wine
9: Crowd walking under banners with various food menus and cars lining streets
9: A bull with short horns standing in gravel.
9: A skate boarder is doing a jump over a patch in side walk.
9: A man waxing his surfboard in the back of his truck
9: A picture of a clock tower and a sign for an steakhouse
9: A white sailboat on some calm waters and a bicyclist next to it.
9: I can see that the hitter just hit the ball.
9: A few sheep graze near a sidewalk of houses.
9: A woman carrying a surfboard over her head on the beach.
9: A large horse carrying a wagon full of people.
9: A tour bus waiting outside a hotel for pick up of tourists
9: Sheep in a meadow with bells around their necks
9: People outside of a stopped double decker train.
9: A little girl sitting in a restaurant eating a meal.  
9: A girl talking on a cell phone in front of a bunch of flyers.
9: a little red teddy bear nailed to a pole
9: A snowboarder flies past some pine trees while jumping.
9: A large tourist bus is awaiting luggage from riders.
9: A locomotive travelling down the railroad tracks in Winter.
9: Three people chat inside of a store. 
9: A man riding skis down a snow covered slope.
9: Two horses are standing in the snow behind a fence. 
9: Two woman in a kitchen with pizza. 
9: a little dog jumping up towards a frisbee someone is holding
9: an orange white and black bird and a curtain
9: A vintage motorcycle can be seen in a black and white photo.
9: An older Asian woman standing in the ocean
9: A young boy is attempting to slide down a slope.
9: Man and woman sitting a on park bench looking at a statue
9: A giraffe is eating out of a feeder
9: a living room that has a coffee table in it
9: A girl cutting into a colorful birthday cake.
9: A red Wembley Central Metroline bus 223 on a city street.
9: a kitchen with a microwave and a sink and cupboards
9: A rubber cookie key ring attached to a cell phone
9: a street sign and a stop sign on a street corner
9: The bird is standing on the rocky surface alone
9: a pitbull dog running awkwardly on the sandy beach
9: A muddy baby elephant walks in a fenced enclosure.
9: A very neat white computer desk with white desktop computer.
9: A woman poses next to a white cow.
9: Looking out from a bar window a woman can be seen on a bicycle.
9: Flowered glass vase containing five beautifully opened flowers.
9: A man eating a banana at a kitchen counter.
9: a person sitting in a hair talking on a cell phone 
9: A batter at home plate waiting for a pitch.
9: There is a train that is coming towards us on the rail
9: A room with various pictures on the walls, a cd tower and a tv in a cabinet.
9: Hey dog catching a frisbee now in yard
9: A person riding the surf of a wave in the ocean.
9: A man on the sidewalk leaning against his bicycle.
9: a bedroom with a chandalier and a canopy for the bed
9: The cargo train is headed to the next destination.
9: A person jumping up in the air on a skateboard.
9: A man looking at himself in a mirror attached to a motorcycle.
9: a person in a black and blue costume eating a small box of food.
9: A hotel room with a bathroom that has glass walls.
9: A white bowl of oranges in front of a stack of plates.
9: A picture of an open air zone that looks incredible.

9: An engineer is climbing into the engine compartment.
9: A man on a skateboard jumping a pipe.
9: A baseball player point the bat at someone or something during a game. 
9: A woman sitting on the ground with lots of food.
9: A skateboarder riding a skateboard in a construction area.
9: a man has a scisoors in hand about to cut his hair 
9: man holding a baby and petting a horse
9: A brown horse walking down a rocky road.
9: A black and white close up of a car in a cage.
9: This is a small kitchen in a small apartment.
9: The woman is riding the waves on the water.
9: a building with a bunch of dirty walls 
9: A chocolate-glazed, cream-filled donut being held up in front of an outdoor concert stage.
9: A woman on skis standing sideways in the snow.
9: Girl using her laptop computer while laying on a bed.
9: A train is moving along on a track.
9: A man and a woman surf in the water.
9: Cows lie in hay near stalls at a fair.
9: A boy with a fedora on holding a pizza box open.
9: A lifeguard sitting on his tower under an umbrella. 
9: a room that looks like it was furnished by 84 year old people
9: A man is holding on as he surfs across the water.
9: A traffic sign near a bridge and a gas station sign. 
9: A group of men and one woman standing around each other.
9: A red trolley car that is sitting on pavement.
9: A group of four friends commemorating a ski trip in the snow.
9: An adorable kitten sleeps peacefully on top of a tv remote.
9: A yellow sign against a gray backdrop warns of a moving vehicle.
9: A yellow seahorse kite flying above a green bear.
9: An orange and red train on the tracks next to a group of people.
9: A Good Humor ice cream truck parked curbside.
9: A well dressed little boy hugging his stuffed toy.
9: Young adult male holding a frisbee at an event. 
9: Room with patterned carpet and wallpaper and dark wood furnishings.
9: A surfer is riding a wave on a narrow waterway.
9: A young baseball player swings a bat as a ball comes toward him.
9: this stray cat watches a dog walk by on the beach
9: A person doing a trick on a skateboard on a sidewalk.
9: A tan car wears a Santa Claus outfit.
9: a male in a blue jacket is playing with a white controller
9: Blue and yellow train that is heading down the tracks
9: Two small lambs are standing on a hill.
9: a person riding a surf board on a wave
9: Cake decorated with raspberries with a single, lit candle
9: a car driving through a very flooded street
9: A long exposure of a busy city intersection.
9: a close up of a bowl of food next to an apple 
9: A toilet is equipped with some buttons on a panel at the side.
9: A tennis player makes a quick shuffle to return the ball.
9: A  pizza with cheese and meat being cut by a knife and fork.
9: A red double decker bus parked near a curb
9: The bull is eating grass in the middle of an open field.
9: Surfer riding a larger wave on the ocean as it starts to break.
9: The men were sitting at the table playing a game of chess.
9: a male surfer wearing a blue jersey is surfing
9: A neat and clean bathroom in blue and white.
9: A large black truck in a parking lot
9: A person lying down with skis on in the snow with ski track impressions, and people around the fallen person.
9: a black gray orange and white cat sitting on a bench
9: A brick clock tower towering into a blue sky.
9: Two people sitting on a couch, one of them using a computer.
9: Snow boarders going down a snowy slope during a snow storm.
9: A person observing three giraffes over a stone wall.
9: A dog is in the grass with a frisbee in its mouth.
9: An older man and a younger boy play a video game.
9: A black and white dog sitting on a grass covered field.
9: A cat is peeping out from under a blanket.
9: An orange cat sleeping on top of a red car.
9: a man in a suit riding a motorcycle on a street
9: Twoo men on horses dressed up as knights.
9: A young child holding a colorful kite while standing on top of a field.
9: A baby sitting chewing on a toothbrush  to soothe his gumns
9: Young man laughing sitting between a man using an eyepiece and a lady with glasses.
9: a couple of people that are walking down a path
9: The church by the cemetery has a clock on it. 
9: some animals are standing in a desert area
9: A VERY BIG BRICK BUILDING WITH A VERY TALL CLOCK TOWER 
9: The many sausages are arranged on the portable grill.
9: Sheep and goats in their white fenced area
9: A scone sits on a plate beside a cup of coffee
9: A person on a surfboard surfing the waves.
9: A plate of food with peppers, onions and meats.
9: Pair of large birds stand on next on pole near trees.
9: A small white bathroom  with a wooden cabinet.
9: Big balloons and kites being flown on a beach.
9: An amish woman looks at her flip phone in a restaurant.
9: a patio filled with brightly colored chairs and tables 
9: A sunny day at the beach with a lot of people.
9: A bike sits among bottles of wine on a shelf. 
9: A boat glides along the water of a lake.
9: A small dog with a chain collar looking at another dog.
9: A chicken meal on a shell shaped bowl.
9: A bed with pillows on top of it and a large head board.
9: A girl is posing on a bright blue motorcycle.
9: A woman is holding a cup of coffee. 
9: A family sitting around a table with a meal of pizza
9: A pizza is on a white pan on a grill.
9: A retired train is parked on the rock for show. 
9: A horse galloping in a fenced in field.
9: The girl is brushing her teeth and toothpaste and it is foaming up.
9: A person looks through the holes of a pair of scissors. 
9: there is a bus driving down a road near a mountain
9: an image of a man that is playing soccer 
9: A man jogging with no shirt and a tie. 
9: A picture of a very large clock on the side of a building.
9: a line of bicycle riders in bright shirts biking down a sidewalk
9: A little boy sits on a skateboard and pushes it with his feet.
9: An analog clock on a green wall showing the time of 2:07.
9: A street sign overshadowed by a multileveled town building.
9: A man flying through the air on top of a skateboard.
9: AIRPLANE AT AN AIRPORT ON THE TARMAC WITH A VEHICLE IN FRONT OF IT
9: A empty living room that has a table in the center.
9: An old blue car with a surfboard on top
9: a close up of a plate of food with broccoli
9: A giraffe head in front of a building.
9: Two trains are passing next to eachother on tracks
9: A sky full of different colored kites flying. 
9: A bunch of zebras standing around in an open field.
9: Guys in the park playing Frisbee golf on a cold day.
9: The truck is loaded with wood and other stuff.
9: A mother and child holding their skis together. 
9: Two men are standing on a street corner.
9: A woman lying on a bed holding a laptop.
9: A street next to a large building is flooded.
9: A shuttle bus rides along a curved street.
9: many kites blowing in the wind at the beach
9: A herd of cows on a grass field.
9: A couple of MP3 players, one with ear buds connected.
9: A man doing a jumping trick off the top of a stone type staircase outdoors and the skateboard flipping over underneath him.
9: Two ladies sitting under a pink umbrella near other people.
9: A man taking a bite of food at a fair. 
9: People sit inside a living room near a fireplace while one person holds an umbrella over his head
9: A man is on his skateboard in a park setting.
9: Tennis player smiling and sitting on a bench.
9: A surfer rides his board inside an arching wave.
9: There is a man standing on a skateboard.
9: A train rides through a tunnel as another crosses on a bridge.
9: a black cat laying in an empty suitcase
9: A man with his friend throwing a Frisbee. 
9: A man in a black wetsuit surfs in the water on a sunny day. 
9: A toilet is placed in between the two walls in what seems to be a bathroom. 
9: A desk with computer, laptop, phone and cell phone on top.
9: A cat statue on display in a store window near scissors.
9: A unique custom made cake sits in the fridge.
9: a person sitting at a desk with a laptop
9: A bowl sitting on a table filled with fruit.
9: The children are getting ready to enjoy a piece of cake.
9:  A person that is kneeling in the sand near a bike.
9: A person leaving a trail of snow as he glides on his skies.
9: a young man holding onto a surfboard while walking out of th water 
9: an image of two horses that walking on a trail
9: Group of people walking in front of a white surfboard by the beach. 
9: A man is riding on top of an elephant.
9: A woman with a blue wig brushes her teeth. 
9: a kitchen that has a bunch of cabinets in it
9: A huge rock formation at the top of a hill.
9: A group of people are standing on a sidewalk.
9: There are people standing next to some elephants.
9: The man is looking into a messy fridge.
9: Two people walk on the road in a snow-capped area
9: There is a banana on a beach chair with a small umbrella
9: A pair of parking meters that take credit cards as well as change.
9: A large herd of multicolored sheep are grazing everywhere.
9: Blue fire hydrant sitting on a sidewalk made of bricks. 
9: A young man skateboarding and wearing a helmet.
9: An elephant in his spot at the zoo with his mother.
9: a large blue clock is hanging up outside
9: A digital clock is displaying the time in the dark.
9: A group of men put their hands together before a tennis game.
9: A woman sitting in a chair at a library with a laptop. 
9: A bedroom decorated in a futuristic style with a floating bed.
9: It is a double occupancy hotel room with two beds and a television.
9: A gourd that has been placed on three bananas.
9: Open door to white tiled bathroom with toilet.
9: A group of animals that are outside in the grass.
9: A baseball player stands on a base during a baseball game.
9: A large long bus on a city street.
9: A crowd of people are in front of a rock building with a man talking on his phone.
9: A herd of elephants eat grass as cattle egrets fly overhead.
9: An airplane is parked on a runway with a setting sun in the background.
9: This is a bathroom with a tub and a sink.
9: Roadway traffic directional signage on cold winter day.
9: A group of three giraffes running in a field.
9: Swimming pool, and two lounge chairs with umbrella over them.
9: A view along the transept of an older style church.
9: a dog laying next to some colorful blankets on a white bed 
9: A wheel control zone sign posted on a sidewalk
9: A hand holds a banana above a floor. 
9:  A man wearing a dress shirt and a tie sitting against a dark background. 
9: A broken toilet with a polite request not to use.
9: A little girl is getting ready to blow out a candle on a small dessert.
9: A group of women standing outside with a snack.
9: a close up of a person sitting at a desk with a laptop
9: A dish with meat and vegetables set on a bed of rice.
9: a train depot with several trains stationed in it 
9: A street clock with roman numerals on the clock face and a blue sky above.
9: A woman and a little girl are eating at the table.
9: a woman standing around with a red suitcase 
9: A newborn baby is placed between two teddy bears.
9: A man holding a yellow banana in their left hand.
9: Three donuts and five donut holes sit on a white plate.
9: a herd of cows walks down a city street 
9: A man standing in front of a building with his hands behind him .
9: A man throws a frisbee under his leg while standing on one leg to another man. 
9: A person sitting at a table with some food.
9: a post with signs is near a fire hydrant
9: two monitors and keyboard sitting next to a big window
9: A towel that is hanging near a mirror.
9: A child playing with a red frisbee in a park.
9: A small child reaching out to pet a dog on a leash
9: Several men and women standing on a balcony watching planes on a runway.
9: an image of a large family eating dinner in the kitchen
9: A person's reflection in the mirror of a small bathroom.
9: Two army personnel are working in a pharmacy.
9: This is an image of the inside of a home with lots of pictures on the walls.
9: Four people posing near a large white refrigerator.
9: A man posing and pointing at a yellow bicycle.
9: The baseball player in the black and white photo prepares to swing at a pitch.
9: A herd of cattle are resting on a grassy field.
9: Three green lights are displayed on the road.
9: Halloween costume on woman with orange hair wearing orange
9: Little girls holding fancy umbrellas walk in front of ornately dressed women. 
9: A skateboarder on a pipe doing a trick next to a lake.
9: Man snowboarding with a kite across an open snowy field.
9: Four people standing on the snow and wearing skis.
9: Woman standing on skis hugging a green tree.
9: Girl kneeling on bed cluttered with stuffed animals.
9: A blue street sign hanging from a metal pole.
9: A brown horse grazing in a green field.
9: Looking up at a flock of small birds in the sky
9: A person holds out a sandwich on a plate.
9: A huge desk with two computers, a lamp, and a television.
9: A man taking a selfie of his cartoon covered neck tie
9: a man holds a baseball bat near a fence
9: a living room with a big screen and a desk 
9: A man standing up doing something to his car door. 
9: Child on a horse being led by a trainer
9: A young boy and a young girl playing catch on a beach.
9: Four giraffes that are standing near each other.
9: A man with two bottles of beer, a sign, and a wine glass at a counter.
9: A giraffe that is standing near the trees.
9: Two toilets sit outside on the pavement next to a yard with many decorations.
9: a passenger jet plane beginning its ascent over a city in the mountains
9: The building is massive and represents an old presence and architecture.
9: A bedroom scene with focus on a bed and a teddy bear.
9: The video game controller is laying on a table next to a glass.
9: A man with earrings wearing a top hat.
9: A pastry with fruit, mug and fork sitting on a counter.
9: A group of elephants are walking together near people.
9: Baby boy with Frisbee on beach near surf watching the waves. 
9: A shopping area with people, interesting architecture, and a horse statue.
9: a table in a kitchen some pots and pans and hanging utensils
9: A man outside lurching toward a yellow frisbee 
9: A white fluffy cat sitting on the floor next to a towl
9: a large boat with a plane flying above
9: A blue bus is going through a narrow street.
9: A red building with a pointed roof says house of clocks.
9: A street sign for queen street with a colorful representation of the street on the pole
9: a couple of trains are sitting on some tracks
9: A group of giraffes stand nearby under a roof.
9: A couple walks a dog along a quiet street.
9: A towel with his nose right next to the camera looking towards it
9: Two black and white cats are sitting on a tile floor.
9: The suitcases are waiting to be picked up at the counter. 
9: A large cat in the hat character is with children.
9: The boys are preparing for a tent sleep out in the backyard.
9: There is a woman cutting up a pizza
9: A red truck is parked against the sidewalk.
9: A loft bed decorated with various Christmas decorations.
9: A man sits in a chair with a hand on a dog.
9: Three cats are napping on the carpeted floor.
9: a black and white cat saying on a bed 
9: Clean bathroom painted in pink and white paint.
9: Two large airplanes flying through a blue sky.
9: Three zebras graze in a field, staying alert for predators.
9: Fire hydrants along the marathon route keep the runners cooled down.
9: A young bow throws a Frisbee behind him
9: A canopy stands with the words "Pershing Square" printed on it.
9: Two chili dogs and french fries are sitting on a plate.
9: a cat sits on top of a shoe with its nose on the heel
9: THERE IS A MAN ON THE SURF BOARD ON THE WAVES
9: A black and white photo of a corner building.
9: An image of a kite being flown in a park.
9: A person skiing down a hill maneuvers around a flag. 
9: A child with a frisbee in an open field.
9: Two laptops on a counter with several cords attached to them. 
9: A bird is standing on a plank overlooking the beach.
9: a woman is walking across the street in the rain
9: A very old bathroom has dusty toilet and clawfoot tub.
9: A large airplane mid flight among the clouds.
9: A large collection of teddy bears is attached to a brick wall. 
9: a patriotic red white and blue fire hydrant
9: A man guiding an elephant holding several kids on it.
9: A little boy dressed as a baseball player throwing a baseball.
9: a giraffe reaching up to eat some leaves 
9: A business man with a striped blue tie standing in front of a palm tree.
9: A man in a red cape sitting on the stairs
9: A building with an under pass has a clock on the front of it
9: A long city bus pulls away from the curb into traffic.
9: The street is full of stores, signs and people.
9: Baseball players playing a game before a crowd.
9: A very dark scene of a man with his skateboard and shadow on the wall.
9: Two old medal benches are put together on a side walk
9: Food item wrapped in foil ready for consumption in outdoor setting.
9: A cooked pizza sitting on a pan at the table with a drink, fork and knife. 
9: The man is enjoying the large cheesy sandwich.
9: a woman looking out a window of a red train 
9: A bunch of pumpkins that have been carved with different faces in them. 
9: A tool area with variety of tools hanging on nails on a board on a wall, with a table below with canisters, newspaper, and a box with small clear front drawers.
9: A clock is lying on the ground and is dirty.
9: The small bathroom has a small sink and a toilet.
9: This is an image of a meal with meat, bread and potatoes
9: A skateboarder with orange shoes standing on his skateboard.
9: A picture of a muffin on a white plate
9: There are two giraffes and a zebra walking around the dirt path.
9: A girl observes a giraffe from inside a wooden enclosure.
9: People coming through a terminal at an airport 
9: A man flying through the air while riding a skateboard.
9: A bathroom with a striped shower curtain and black rug.
9: a desk with a laptop, some speakers and a mouse on it
9: A black and white photograph of a messy living area.
9: Two sheep peeking over the wall at something.
9: A banana and some healthy snacks on a plate. 
9: A doll has been placed between two parking meters.
9: A living room with a white couch and small coffee table
9: A group of yello and white daffodils in a vase
9: Two zebras stand quietly in their zoo habitat.
9: a close up of a traffic light with buildings in the background
9: The sign that reads "Alameda Street" is next to the stop light.
9: A modern living room with black couch and fireplace.
9: A bear is in the waterfall area of an enclosure.
9: A closeup view of a hotdog in a bun with condiments. 
9: A cross country skier in the falling snow.
9: A ripe banana sitting in a black bowl. 
9: A man swinging a bat at a baseball on a field.
9: A man standing in front of an open refrigerator.
9: Bread and vegetables with dip on a plate at a table
9: a person walking on snow covered road  while wearing skis.
9: two guys are outside moving a refrigerator 
9: A tennis player playing tennis on the tennis court. 
9: Two women, a child, and a young man with Down's syndrome on a picnic blanket with food while people sit in folding chairs in the background in a park.
9: A close up of a person on a skateboard at a skate park.
9: Herd of zebras grazing in an open field of green grass.
9: Two athletes are competing on a playing field.
9: a bathroom with a toilet and a lot of ski boots
9: Kitchen area with cabinets and cooking appliances on counter top.
9: Three people posing for a picture on a ski mountain.
9: A man standing in a field holding a bat.
9: A bowl of raspberries next to a bowl of chopped salad.
9: A large bed with towels in the shape of elephants on it. 
9: People are walking with their luggage in the street.
9: a black and white photo of a building clock and people and trees
9: a toothbrush is in a small yellow cup
9: A blurry shot of someone on a bicycle holding an umbrella 
9: Road sign reading "Traffic Calmed Neighborhood" on brick wall
9: A large group of men on horse back carrying flags.
9: Four men play a game of Ultimate Frisbee. 
9: Two coffee cups and a laptop on a table near the bed.
9: Old and empty industrial kitchen with large stoves.
9: Dog covered in sheet on bed with mouth open.
9: An aeroplane soaring in the sky with a halo of light around it.
9: a giraffe standing on dirt ground near a tree
9: three men stand talking, holding a Frisbee and a beer
9: A group of people posing for a picture. 
9: A man in a leather jacket and knit hat resting a baseball over his shoulder
9: A ceramic pot is resting on a table
9: a couple of people are standing with a surfboard
9: A woman eating food at a table in a kitchen.
9: Several disc players leap to catch the disc 
9: People are watching a man cut a birthday cake.
9: A bathroom with a dirty floor, toilet and tub.
9: a bathroom done in almost total white 
9: A baseball game in a stadium with a lot of spectators.
9: A large, red air plane, is parked with a man standing near. 
9: A red car waiting in traffic behind a large bus.
9: A living room, with fireplace, television, and throw rug.
9: Someone wearing a knecklace with a charm of a pair of scissors on it.
9: A bus sits diagonal from the curb next to a building and people.
9: A woman sitting on a train is showing off a bagel.
9: A woman sitting at a couch with two cats looking out a window.
9: She has an intense look as she awaits the tennis ball.
9: A woman sitting at a table with a little girl and a man.
9: A man sits on his bed with a laptop in his bedroom as a ray of sunlight streams through the window. 
9: There are three small toys on a keyboard
9: A laptop computer sits under an open umbrella.
9: there are two men and a dog riding surf boards
9: A dog sitting in a bathroom with a urinal and a torn wall.
9: A commercial city street with many neon signs
9: A tennis player crouching waiting for the ball to be hit to him 
9: THERE ARE ZEBRA WALKING THE STREET IN THE WOODS
9: A pair of black handled scissors lying on a roll of tape.
9: A person standing in the snow near a snow board.
9: A red bus stopped on a street next to a sidewalk.
9: A woman watches a child play with a kite on the beach.
9: Surfer on a black sand beach holding her board
9: A sheep and two lambs standing in hay.
9: A woman cooking her dinner over an open fire.
9: A bottle of wine with a poured glass.
9: An antique rail road engine on the tracks
9: A snowboarder with a camera mounted to his helmet. 
9: A hot dog smothered with onions and ketchup sits on a white napkin.
9: A double decker bus drives through a construction zone. 
9: A group of zebras in the shade near a building.
9: Long white and black bird sitting on the branch of a tree. 
9: A plain, empty kitchen with white cabinets. 
9: The roads are a bit slushy by the train crossing.
9: two benches in a field overlooking a body of water
9: A person surfing in shallow waves near the shore.
9: A person is sitting on a house roof with an umbrella.
9: The plain has already taken off and in flight.
9: A man holding up his tennis racket .
9: A man in grey sweater standing at a wooden table with food and coffee.
9: A group of people are playing a video game.
9: Two boys sitting beside of one another while one holds a tennis racquet.
9: A black and white picture of people standing in front of an old city gate entrance.
9: People move luggage along a busy boat dock.
9: A brightly colored, flowery tie is pulled from the closet.
9: A colorful bus is in traffic near a Jack in the Box and Church's Chicken.
9: Bunches of bananas are hung on a string.
9: THERE IS A BIRD THAT IS FLYING HIGH OVER THE WATER 
9: A red bus covered with pictures sitting on the side of the road beside a building. 
9: A woman going to get an orange frisbee from a gray dog at a barbecue.
9: a man in a pink shirt looks off into the distance in front of an empty street
9: A sandwich with fried food is wrapped in paper.
9: Several cut oranges with brown cake falling out from inside.
9: A train is going under a passenger zone area.
9: A hand with a cellphone thats flipped open in it.
9: A train pulling into a station where people are waiting on a platform.
9: a close up of a cat looking at a small buddha statue
9: A few cows walking up a steep hill.
9: A man sitting on a chair with a laptop holding an umbrella.
9: A person is holding a surfboard on a beach.
9: A man is feeding a giraffe something from his hand. 
9: a room with a tv and some different types of couches
9: some people are in a gym doing tricks with a frisbee
9: A group of people are standing in front of the Capitol Building.
9: A white dog sitting in the front seat of a red car.
9: A red rusted ou fire truck parked next to a dry grass covered hillside.
9: a close up of a toilet with its lid open
9: a couple of black vases that are next to each other
9: an image of a car parked next a sign on the street
9: a woman standing by a kitchen counter 
9: A group of skiers greeting each other on the slope.
9: A man sitting next to a woman on a train.
9: A large plate of waffles is next to plates with slices of peaches.
9: A male tennis player with a hat and sunglasses standing on a hard surface court with a racket in his hand.
9: a vandalized stop sign in the dark with a sky background
9: A beautiful woman standing in a kitchen preparing food.
9: a man holds a tennis racket in front of a net 
9: A bus that is sitting in the street.
9: This is a field of giraffes roaming together.
9: A teddy bear on the pillow in a bed
9: Two people who are taking apart a video game controller.
9: A black bear travelling in the brush next to a road.
9: A young male skateboarder performing a stunt atop a concrete wall.
9: A cheesy pizza with tomatoes and other toppings.
9: THERE IS A KITE IS FLYING HIGH IN TE SKY 
9: A skateboarder rides on concrete with people watching.
9: One woman standing behind large specialized bus in mountains by glacier.
9: A hotel room with a large bed and two giant windows.
9: Two girls and a boy sitting at a table in front of a bookcase.
9: A food tuck parallel parked along a street.
9: Two red benches in a room with windows in it.
9: Two cows in a meadow with a historic structure in the background.
9: two vases on a table with flowers in it
9: A couple of people playing Wii together, standing up.
9: A snowboarder is doing tricks on a rail.
9: A kid follows a baseball player across an unnaturally green, sunlit field.  
9: a little kid laying in bed with their butt in the air 
9: A folding bike sits on the back on an electric scooter. 
9: an old brick building with a clock built inside the wall
9: Person in a khaki shirt with a white frisbee on their face in a park. 
9: Black dog sitting on wooden floor watching television in living area.
9: A can of spam and two sandwiches sit on a table.
9: a bathroom with a sink and a bath tub in it.
9: A mother zebra and her calf walking in a grassy field.
9: A meal consisting of pizza and salad is shown.
9: A group of planes taxiing on an airstrip.
9: People making and selling bread at a stand.
9: A large building with a clock tower on top of it
9: Someone who is holding a cell phone recording a women.
9: An orange and white cat sitting in the grass near some yellow flowers.
9: A dark colored wicker basket with some pretty flowers.
9: Some small boys with hats are in a garden.
9: The animals are unaware of the sign on the fence.
9: a girl that is riding a skateboard down a rail
9: A brown cushioned bench with a bag on an end table.
9: A parasailer in the distance with two surfers in the foreground. 
9: There is a person taking a slice out of a pizza
9: Many identical elephant heads are in a row on display
9: Two men standing in front of a plaque of a Shiloh baptist church.
9: A group of young people hanging out around a white truck.
9: A group of jet planes sitting on top of an airport tarmac.
9: A desk with computer monitors, a phone, and stacks of books.
9: A toddler looking up and smiling while pulling a pink bag.
9: A man in a blue shirt and jeans skateboards on a wooden rail.
9: Person taking a photo of a black cellphone. 
9: A stoplight with a speed radar on top.
9: A bagel with egg, and other ingriedents on a plate. 
9: Signs are attached to a light pole, featuring a large clock.
9: A very large picture pizza being sliced and served for people. 
9: A man hitting a tennis ball on a blue tennis court.
9: The large bear is made up of clay.
9: A small boy chewing on a blue and white toy.
9: The man is riding the elephants near the water.
9: A person reaches their hand in a bowl of broccoli.
9: A food tray with french fries and a sandwich.
9: Dog close up in front of tv in room with candles
9: A woman that is sitting down with a laptop.
9: An elephant with tusks looks tired and away.
9: A person sitting on a surf board in the ocean.
9: An intersection with oncoming traffic and blurry stop lights.
9: A man riding skis down a snow covered slope.
9: A child goaltender attempts to block a ball in a soccer game.
9: A man on a horse walking down the middle of a street.
9: A girl lunges forward as she plays with the Wii. 
9: A turkey sits in a pan on top for chopped vegetables.
9: A woman holding an umbrella walks alone in the rain.
9: An open air market with a lot of fruits in a bowl 
9: A red fire hydrant in front of a sign reading "Sidewalk Closed."
9: Large sized cow getting an injection from a woman in camo.
9: A cat laying on a surface with a  person holding up gag glasses to its face.
9: Two boys are walking up a skateboard ramp as a younger boy rides a scooter down it.
9: A lot of computer screens that are on a  desk.
9: A man stands alone with many luggage bags.
9: A rack full of clothes in a small bedroom.
9: a plastic yellow cup with two tooth brushes and some toothpaste
9: A windsurfer and a dog walk along an ocean beach.
9: A ton of sheep are standing in a big field.
9: A person on a surfboard in the water.
9: A little girl riding her bike on the pavement.
9: Two men play video games with family in the background.
9: A surfboard leans against the side of the balcony, next to a table and chairs. 
9: A man lunging forward towards a frisbee next to three other men.
9: A young boy is holding a couple of hotdogs
9: An older woman with white hair and glasses, seated at a dining room table and another person in the kitchen area.
9: A group of people poses for a picture.
9: Black and white cat standing next to leg.
9: a female standing in the bathroom and taking a photo with her phone
9: A cow that has won some sort of award.
9: A cat curled up on a bed for a nap.
9: The street sign contains a tremendous amount of information.
9: A plant that is in the sunlight inside of the vase.
9: a man riding an elephant that is walking in the river
9: A surfer catching a wave on the ocean. 
9: Pedestrians, a rider on a scooter and several bicyclists cross an intersection at a crosswalk.
9: Two fake zebras standing next to a fake giraffe.
9: Two cats are siting right next to each other. 
9: A white small bathroom showing the toilet bowl and sink with beige tiles.
9: A an opened book with book mark next to a DirectTV remote.
9: a pair of cats riding inside a car
9: A child holds at bat at a baseball game while people watch in the background.
9: a re fire hydrant by a sign and a white van is passing
9: A man holding a sandwich in both of his hands up to his mouth.
9: Adult woman walking on sidewalk near yellow fire hydrant in city.
9: This photo shows a vase of withered flower stems as well as its shadow on the wall.
9: a man standing in front of a motor home with blue containers of water.
9: Two zebras walking through the dry ground area
9: This is a man riding a red crotch rocket.
9: A public restroom that is kept clean for it's customers. 
9: A cat is walking across a rug on a kitchen floor.
9: A suitcase on the side of the street.
9: Night view of empty street all lit up
9: two black bags placed standing on the ground
9: A young child is pressing the keys on a laptop.
9: a big clock hanging on a piece of wood in a building
9: Multiple boats near the water's edge with ancient city in the background.
9: A man at bat holding the bat with the umpire and catcher behind him
9: A couple of giraffe standing in a grass field.
9: Horse number 11 and 6 engaged in a horse race.
9: A tiger striped cat laying on a green sofa.
9: a bedroom with big bed and a chair by the window 
9: A boy is sitting on the sofa holding game controllers in his hands.
9: A bathroom has brown towels and counter top.
9: two people riding a motorcycle with chairs and umbrellas near by
9: A man holding a glass up to his face.
9: A muffin is adorned with a topping of nuts.
9: A large open kitchen and dining area with wooden cabinets.
9: A bedroom shown with a large bed that has lamps and night stands built into the headboard.
9: A train sits on the tracks by the platform.
9: Getting ready to set up the Wii game player and enjoy WiiSports.
9: Oranges are on display near a banana on a scale. 
9: A giraffe walking past a tree on a dirt landscape.
9: A herd of sheep running down a hill from a road.
9: There is a truck and a bus driving down the street.
9: Five plates, with intricate decorated borders, display vegetables that include broccoli, string beans, mushrooms and bean sprouts.
9: Some men are standing together with a Frisbee.
9: a red fire hydrant sitting in front of a stucco wall 
9: The blue plastic trays are filled with food. 
9: A smiling blonde woman poses playfully with a red object next to her ear, as she would hold a telephone.
9: A woman is leaning her head down on a blue baseball bat.
9: Three men pose with their frisbee golf discs.
9: A person on a horse on a field with a building in the background.
9: this is an image of two people flying a kite in the snow
9: The man in the black suit has a silver tie.
9: Cattle are gathered around a food trough waiting for their next meal.
9: A person on a horse and carriage in an indoor arena.
9: Two people look up at a giant clock.
9: A man is putting riding gear on a horse.
9: Broccoli, mushrooms, squash and onions on a kabob.
9: A body of water besides some lush green trees and bushes.
9: the polar bear is holding on to a white case
9: A man and woman on a scooter receiving baggage from a bellhop.
9: A little girl carried by a guy while the others are playing, grabbing a chair and a passerby.
9: Women at a lunch table with food and drinks.
9: VERY SMALL BATHROOM WITH ONLY A TOILET AND LARGE BUNDLE OF TOILET PAPER
9: A pile of luggage sitting on the floor.
9: A woman wearing a dark colored dress stands curbside near a large building.
9: A bedroom with a fireplace decorated with antiques.
9: Bed in room with candles covered by a mosquito net
9: an image of clock that is on the wall
9: Two people wearing suits stand next to each other.
9: People are waiting beside the blue train pulling beside the platform. 
9: A large ornate clock with gold colored trim
9: A man stepping off the curb on a busy street lined with parked cars. 
9: A person on a tennis court standing on one leg
9: A tennis player is jumping and reaching to hit the ball.
9: a  young man standing on a surfboard riding a wave in the ocean
9: A vase containing flowers is sitting on a table.
9: A collage of many tennis players at a tennis area
9: A bed in a bedroom with luggage in the corner.
9: There is a toilet inside a narrow stall.
9: A lone fire hydrant is in the middle of a grassy field.
9: A white cow walking across a green pasture field.
9: An old stone and brick building three stories high.
9: A beautiful woman sitting on a bench next to a stone building.
9: A chili cheese dog on a plate with a bag of corn chips next to it.
9: A view of the inside of a white toilet. 
9: Elephants' skin looks muddy due to wallowing in the water.
9: Very long train running down a rail way over a half mile long.
9: hands holding a nintendo wiimote with instruction manuals on the table
9: A flat scree TV sitting on a wooden stand with an image of a ginger asian person.
9: An opened toilet in a small bathroom with a mirror on the tank.
9: A table has a cell phone and a group of water bottles on it.
9: A view of high mountains from the window of a passenger jet.
9: There are people skiing at the ski lodge on the mountain 
9: A church steeple is shown amidst telephone wires and lights. 
9: WOMAN SITTING WITH HER DOG, AND OTHER WOMEN ARE AROUND
9: a man's feet in shoes and a skateboard on concrete
9: A group of adult elephants and one baby elephant drinking water.
9: A red and white tram is going down the tracks.
9: A man by a painting of a brick pizza oven in a chef hat. 
9: Cullifer long chairs and umbrella facing the ocean. 
9: The soft texture of a blanket on a bed
9: a group of young boys getting on a parked bus
9: a group of people sitting around a long table while eating from plates of food 
9: Small metal containers holding various snack items including fruit.
9: An adult zebra and a kid zebra standing together in the woods.
9: A man is holding a tennis racquet prepared to hit the incoming ball.
9: Cooked broccolini and greens on a white plate.
9: A black and white cat laying on the carrying case of a computer
9: A large clock tower in the middle of a city.
9: eight slices of a cheese pizza with a fork and knife
9: Empty stylish kitchen and living room with big picture windows.
9: A grassy field outside during the day and a green bench.
9: A man surfing on a large wave in the ocean. 
9: A tray with a glass lamb next to a pot of flowers.
9: A condiment filled hotdog is in a red basket next to an iced beverage.  
9: a man wearing a gray shirt is sleeping on a bench
9: An orange and white cat laying on top of a bag of luggage.
9: a couple of pillows that are on a bed
9: a boy is riding a board in the water
9: Cat standing next to rocking chair on sheets with walls
9: A man is holding a white chain outside wear many chairs are set up.
9: A black and white photo of two men with a cow
9: A large black and white Hilton clock. 
9: A street scene with the street sign knocked over
9: A meal of gourmet pizzas and beer at a restaurant 
9: A tennis player holds the racket up behind her head.
9: A man with a hat walking behind a gate. 
9: A large submarine sandwich sitting on two plastic containers of ham.
9: A tennis player leaping to hit the ball during a tennis game.
9: A large long train going down a track.
9: Two men walking a dog and watching an airplane about to take off.
9: a male in a white shirt is riding a blue skateboard
9: A women standing in a bakery with cakes for sale.
9: a man that has a tennis racket in his hand
9: A picture of a giraffe looking into the camera.
9: The small dog lies next to a kitten in the wicker basket.
9: A women who is standing next to a motorcycle.
9: A white toilet on the side of a street by a building.
9: Boy attempts to hit a baseball with his bat.
9: A female tennis-player with her racket in-hand in front of a crowd of onlookers.  
9: A person who is riding on a horse.
9: A surfer is knocked into the air by an ocean wave.
9: A small ferry boat floating past icebergs in the water
9: a close up of a dog on the ground 
9: An elephant standing in the dirt with a man on its back.
9: A woman posing on skis with a ski lift in the background.
9: A man sitting at a table using a smart phone.
9: a couple of people are holding up a cake
9: three donuts and a cup and some donuts in the background
9: A man in red jacket in ski gear at the top of a slope.
9: Several people standing in the grass playing frisbee.
9: An old clock hangs on the wall and gives the time.
9: A dog catching a frisbee on a baseball field while its owner watches.
9: Many signs are posted on the light post near a skyscraper.
9: a male in a gray shirt is playing a video game
9: A pan of roasted vegetables including carrots, broccoli, and cauliflower.
9: The train has stopped on the railroad tracks at the train station.
9: A professional tennis player holding his racket on the court.
9: A chair sitting on a floor next to two cats and a laptop.
9: A woman sitting in a desk with children surrounding her.
9: a couple of cows are laying in a field
9: a chihuahua sitting next to a stuffed teddy bear on a carpet
9: A picture of a backpack in an airport.
9: A cat is playing on a small computer.
9: An older woman laughs while looking at a cell phone.
9: A fridge is partially blocked by a folding door.
9: A person is in mid air over a tennis court.
9: Woman in red dress watching little girl hold up a tennis ball. 
9: A woman holding several frisbees while a dog catches a frisbee in its mouth.
9: Men, women, and children are celebrating a joyous event
9: A small room with a futon couch, a sewing machine on a table, and a flatscreen TV.
9: A teddy bear, dressed in pink, carrying her own teddy bear.
9: a man sits against a wall with punk accessories 
9: A woman pets a cow by reaching over a wall of rocks.
9: A man is sitting in a van with a broken windshield.
9: Two kids that are playing with each other on the ground.
9: A boy in a baseball uniform poses in front of a fire place.
9: A man brushing his teeth in front of a bathroom mirror.
9: a woman is sitting in front of some ice cream on a table
9: White station wagon parked near a parking meter.
9: A black and white picture of a man carrying a surfboard
9: A large barge docked next to a long bike parking area.
9: A little kid holding a Nintendo Wii controller.
9: A horse and rider jumping a gate during a ride.
9: A bike parked on a subway bus car.
9: The light falls in a bedroom with a big bed with a pretty brown runner at the end of it. 
9: a number of uncooked doughnuts on a tray
9: A skateboarder rides down the street with a helmet
9: A man tinkers with his motorcycle in a parking lot.
9: A meal of a bar-b-q sandwich with toppings and a fork on the side.
9: A parking meter repair man walking down a street.
9: two people stand in front of a motorcycle 
9: A train is pulled to a stop beside a train station.
9: A player swings at a baseball while the catcher is ready to catch the ball.
9: A woman prepares food in a wok inside a tent
9: A man on a snow board making a jump
9: A smiling man holding a knife near a cake.
9: A plate of waffles with bananas and strawberries on top.
9: A delicious looking plate of soup, sandwich, and greens
9: A person is riding a horse through the mountains.
9: Stairs with a group of young men sitting nearby
9: A cat is laying inside of a plastic bowl.
9: a man taking a selfie in a little bathroom mirror 
9: there is a close up picture of a video game remote
9: A SW Air flight coming in to land over palm trees
9: plate covered in rice with tofu and veggies
9: A half cut pizza on a plate on the table
9: A waterway with several boats docked behind a row of houses.
9: Two cats that are looking in a sink.
9: A woman sitting on a couch holding a laptop
9: a living room that has a couple of chairs in it
9: A boy on a snowboard flying through the air
9: A person is holding an umbrella while standing in the garage.
9: A man on a tennis court about to hit the ball.
9: Small acrobatic plane on runway with white smoke in background.
9: A girl with green hair and wellington boots sits in a field near a horse.
9: Large striped zebra walking down a patch of grass.
9: A tennis player arching back to serve the ball.
9: A blue bird on a branch in the woods.
9: People walking outside crossing through a street at crosswalk
9: an suv on a city street with many decorations of a football team
9: An umbrella is shown open under the trees.
9: A red stop/arret sign at a toll booth.
9: Two parking meters sit next to each other on the same pole.
9: The long plate has cookies, fruit, and chocolate on it.
9: A plate of cupcakes on a napkin with spoons and drink glasses.
9: A variety of trains traveling on railroad tracks. 
9: People are taking plates of food from a very long table.
9: The woman is playing tennis on the court.
9: A man in short shorts standing next to a beautiful woman.
9: A photo of a person on a motorcycle on the road.
9: a close up of a pizza on a pan on a table 
9: A kitchen that has a stove and counters in it.
9: A large dog has a collar with clock on it.
9: Two ducks in a pond in a camp grounds.
9: an image of a school approved lunch in a tray
9: a cross walk sign at Old Morgan School Place
9: A dog leaping to catch a red frisbee.
9: A street with two security officers riding on horseback.
9: Two men are standing near the pasture of cows.
9: A woman sitting on a bench at a park. 
9: Two bed sitting beside each other with a side table between them.
9: Different types of types of pastries sitting on display together. 
9: A dirt road with several people traveling along.
9: a double deck bus drives on a street 
9: A person cross country skiing in the street of a town in winter.
9: A person cross country skiing through a snowy trail.
9: Cars and trucks driving under the underpass with street signs directing them where to go
9: Two bicycles on the bicycle rack of a commuter bus.
9: A blue and white bathroom with a pedestal sink under a window.
9: A couple of brown horses pulling people on a wagon.
9: a short clock tower on top of a building
9: Metal bird sculptures are on poles with city buildings in the background.
9: A small boy playing a Wii video game.
9: A wind up alarm clock next to a window.
9: A man riding on a white horse in an arena
9: A man is looking slyly at the camera while sitting at his laptop at a desk.
9: A batter hits a ball and the catcher prepares for a miss
9: Kids chasing a soccer ball on the grass.
9: A crowded city street with numerous Chinese store signs.
9: two park benches in front of some hedges out side of a building
9: A man on a surfboard riding a wave. 
9: A woman standing at a wooden table and making a pizza.
9: A vintage motorcycle on display with others of the same era.
9: a group of animals standing in front of the eiffel tower
9: A couple of men riding skateboards down a street.
9: A white toilet sitting inside of a bathroom.
9: A person in the ocean holding onto a parasail. 
9: An older man showing off his maroon tie.
9: The chef is cutting bell peppers on a green cutting board.
9: Several containers of food and beverages on a wooden table outdoors.
9: A silver train is on the tracks next to a building.
9: A large giraffe standing next to a smaller giraffe.
9:  A black cat with white paws is clawing at the door.
9: There are two notebooks and pens laying next to the lap tops.
9: A person surfing on the surfboard in the sea. 
9: Small white bathroom with marble counter tops on the sink. 
9: The beachfront has tracks of footprints and a figure which appears to be  cross.
9: A group of little birds sitting on the arm rest of the lounge chairs
9: A plate with a bowl of soup and a sandwhich on the plate
9: Zebras stand hurdled together in a range with other animals
9: The three teddy bears sit with their arms around each other.
9: A person sitting in the snow near several skis and poles. 
9: A red double decker bus is riding down the road.  
9: This is a picture of an umbrella on a beach.
9: Zebras grazing in a meadow on the edge of the water
9: A clock in a metal frame mounted on a wall.
9: A ski lodge at the top of a snowy mountain, skier gathered outside.
9: A black dog standing alone on a corner near a cross walk that has people waiting to the cross the street.
9: two surfers walking on the beach carrying their surfboards
9: A man falling from his skateboard on a skateboard course.
9: A man is holding a bunch of bananas.
9: A man holding a baseball bat in front of another.
9: A zebra by some water has two birds on its back.
9: The dishes have been washed and the dish towels are hanging neatly on the cupboards.
9: A clock on a stone tower is against the blue sky.
9: A cubicle has a laptop, phone, monitor, and other peripherals at an office.
9: A small bird contemplates how to get some seeds.
9: A large brown bear standing in the water of a stream.
9: two children standing holding stalkings in a living room
9: A dog plays catch with hos owner in the sun 
9: A dog is chasing sheep across an area in full speed.
9: A woman tucks a small boy into bed for the night.
9: A person setting on couch working on a laptop computer.
9: a photo of an old crt tv monitor with dvds around it
9: A school bus with writings on it and colorful shirts next to it.
9: A couple of brown dogs sitting on top of a couch.
9: Two horses eating off the ground in a pasture.
9: Four giraffes are reaching in the tree for food.
9: A birthday cake that is decorated with plastic figurines and flowers.
9: A train station with various trains on the tracks.
9: A person cutting a sheet cake with a large knife.
9: Clouds are forming over a farm field with a horse in it and birds flying in the air.
9: A large brown bear walking across a river.
9: A herding dog runs behind a flock of sheep on a country hill side. 
9: A couple pose for a photo on a couch while a man checks his phone in the corner.
9: A red firetruck sitting in a parking spot on a snowy day.
9: A building that says jackson hole with a mountain behind it
9: A woman stands by the water with a boat behind her.
9: Two men at a counter prepare hotdog buns.
9: Two people are standing with umbrellas and talking to each other. 
9: A table filled with dishes of very tasty looking food.
9: A man is long boarding across the street with his backpack. 
9: Three red directional signs atop two steel posts.
9: an image of a dog that is sitting in the car
9: A group of people sitting at a dinner table.
9: Connected tables and chairs sit together in a room. 
9: A kitty cat lies down on a computer keyboard.
9: A close up of a boot on a snow board in the snow
9: A woman in yellow holding a bag of carrots.
9: A black and white cat chewing on a toy.
9: A cat looking down at the person lying on the bed.
9: A man in a blue shirt holding a tennis racket at a tennis match.
9: A woman is holding a banana like a smile
9: This surfer is almost through with his run to shore.
9: Two horses, one with a pink mane, graze in a grassy field.
9: A bus attached to cabling driving uphill in a city.
9: A giraffe is looking at something while standing near a fence.
9: A bathroom with a toilet and blue tiled walls. 
9: A train crossing a bridge over a river.
9: A man standing in front of an oven with food baking in it.
9: A large building of chickens with one lying down.
9: A city bus stops at a city bus stop.
9: multiple cows grazing in a large green pasture.
9: A woman sitting at a table in front of a nice dinner.
9: Plates of various food items sit on tables.
9: Gloves, cell phones, brushes, ties, and ear buds are placed on the floor. 
9: The boys are playing baseball in the field. 
9: A piece of bread with whipped cream and sauce on it. 
9: there is a clock that is at the top of this tower
9: A man is sitting on a bench with a lot of seagulls.
9: A green birthday cake has miniature horses on it.
9: An attractive young woman holding an umbrella under a tree.
9: A police car driving from a traffic light onto a road.
9: A man riding waves at the ocean on his surf board
9: A clock hanging off the side of a building next to an Italian flag.
9: A surfer on his belly riding a wave
9: a dog on the ground walking dogs on tv 
9: a couple of pizzas are inside of a oven 
9: a woman sitting on a chair taping up her tennis racket.
9: A woman sitting inside of a open suitcase.
9: A group of people riding down a snow covered slope.
9: A group of boats floating on top of a lake next to shore.
9: A street sign that has been filled with stickers.
9: A woman standing on grass holding a colorful kite.
9: One car is driving by a building with a steeple and the other one is two people on a motorcycle going in the opposite direction.
9: A coffee cup sitting on a computer desk in front of a keyboard.
9: The long, maroon passenger train is pulling into a platform.
9: A large triple deck bus parked on a street.
9: there is a plate of some type of pasta
9: A person on a court with a tennis racket.
9: A cat is looking at a monitor with its reflection on it 
9: A pole on a street with a sign that says 3 way 
9: A beautiful little girl holding a surfboard standing on a beach.
9: three people riding horses on a beach 
9: A couple of men on a road by a truck.
9: A brick walkway surrounds a grassy area near some street signs.
9: Three people sitting on a porch around a table.
9: Giraffe trying to reach some leafs on a tree.
9: There are three brown and white cows next to white chairs
9: A group of people are standing on snowboards and skis.
9: A truck driving down the road full of yard garbage
9: A cat lays down with a ribbon around its neck
9: A bear made out of gummy bears in a candy store.
9: A white bus is pulled up to the curb.
9: a twisted vase holding some red flowers with leaves
9: A bear that is walking by some rocks.
9: Several different cell phones are laying on the sofa,
9: The ears of this horse are sticking straight up. 
9: A passenger train going by on the tracks.
9: A bull that is jumping on top of a cow.
9: A man and woman working at a kitchen counter preparing food.
9: A bunch of cows roaming a grassy field during the day.
9: A grey counter space with a sink and stove in the background.
9: A clock tower in the middle of a road. 
9: Closeup of a tray of food that includes broccoli and potatoes.
9: A woman sitting next to a display on the ground of jewelry is talking on the phone.
9: People gathered in a square surrounded by buildings.
9: Red roses are in a blue bucket next to a pink rose.
9: an orange kitchen with a white refrigerator stove oven and dishwasher
9: A teenager holding a bottle in one hand and a Frisbee in the other hand
9: A woman wearing a purple jacket is shown on skis.
9: A speedboat races in the foreground with a battleship in the distance.
9: The fountain cleaner is intently doing his job.
9: A bock docks at a harbor near a large, rocky mountain.
9: A man wearing a hat sitting at a table
9: Several men playing soccer in a park with a few onlookers.
9: Two older men are sitting on a park bench.
9: Several street signs hand on a pole as a brick building stands in the back ground near some trees.
9: a group of people chop some food on a table 
9: a person holding a remote aimed at some televisions 
9: A happy couple is cutting a decorated cake.
9: A small bathroom with a tub, toilet, sink, and a laundry basket are shown.
9: A cat in the window meowing at someone.
9: a number of people standing in a kitchen near one another 
9: A woman is posing wearing a yellow shirt and a polka dot skirt
9: Two elderly people are playing an interactive video game. 
9: a man standing under the highway bridge shuffling through his stuff
9: A man laying on a painted line holding his knee in a parking lot
9: A hotel room with twin beds as a kind and rose chairs
9: A desk is cluttered with a computer, laptop and other assorted items.
9: A surprised cat is relaxing in a sink.
9: A truck that is decorated in an elaborate fashion.
9: there is a small plate of a sandwich and potatoes
9: A close up of a man eating a hot dog.
9: A table that is filled with hot dogs, and a hamburger.
9: The contents of a purse are laid out on top of a dresser.
9: an image a of a teen standing next to two stuffed animals
9: some plants flowers a fence and a brown teddy bear
9: A cat is lying beside a pair of puma shoes
9: A woman wearing a long flowing green dress walking past a joust fight.
9: white plate with meat and vegtables on tabletop
9: A tennis player is hitting the tennis ball. 
9: A kitchen with a slanted ceiling and skylight.
9: A slice of cheese pizza sits on the table next to some soda. 
9: A table with candles red flowers and bananas.
9: a toilet, sink, and shower in a bathroom with a skylight 
9: A bald man with glasses holding a wine glass.
9: a surfer on a surf board in the midst of a wave
9: A group of adults and a child holding frisbees.
9: Flowers in a vase next to a bottle.
9: The living room has wooden furniture and hard wood floors.
9: A man swinging a tennis racquet on a tennis court.
9: A light yellow cat is sitting in a bathroom sink. 
9: People stand around on a ski resort near the mountains.
9: Two urinals sitting next to each other in a bathroom.
9: Four pictures of a lady playing with a frisbee. 
9: A bedroom with a bed and a table with a lamp on it.
9: A small bird rests on a tree branch near pine needles.
9: A child flies a kite in the field near his house.
9: A grey and white kitten sitting in a blue bowl.
9: A toddler holding a hairbrush above his head.
9: A display of healthy food on a plate.
9: The skier is enjoying his downhill run in the snow..
9: Two stop signs lean to the left at an intersection.
9: A dummy cow hanging from a building next to windows
9: A small train on display at a museum.
9: Snowboarder in mid air jump going down a mountain.
9: A ROOM WITH A BED DESK AND VIEW
9: there is a lap top and a desk top on this table
9: A couple of people with snowboards in the snow.
9: Two teddy bears with bows on a white background.
9: A bowl of broccoli, noodles and other various foods.
9: A live guard truck parked on a beach.
9: A person putting a sauce on two plates full of greens, carrots and tomatoes.
9: a bathroom the has a glass sliding shower
9: A giraffe standing in the dirt surround by leafless trees. 
9: this is a traffic light at an intersection
9: The electronic contents of a bag are placed on a bed.
9: A giraffe walking along a stone path next to green grass.
9: someones room with a purple bed and paper everywhere 
9: A brown bear laying up on some big rocks.
9: A boat is sitting overturned on the shore near the water. 
9: A woman half lying on a bed holding a purse handle.
9: A stop sign has several other signs on it.
9: A man is using his laptop in a cafe
9: A boy pouring some drink into a cup at a counter.
9: A clock fastened to a brick store front reads 10 after 10
9: A clock with hands, on a pole showing 11:25, against bricked city walkway with pedestrians and several storied building behind.
9: A picture of an old fire hydrant painted like the american flag.
9: An airplane at an airport with a group of people standing next to it. 
9: The cat was sitting in the car looking out at the rain.
9: Several dishes are ready in plates and bowl on the table.
9: People are standing on the baseball diamond in the grass and dirt.
9: A partially-full glass of wine with a partially-full bottle sit on a table.
9: a person hand gliding while surfing a wave
9: A zebra is standing on some rocky brown land.
9: A man holding up a piece of food .
9: Tricolor pasta salad with onions, broccoli and olives
9: An airport and plane unloading passengers with luggage.
9: a close up of a plate of pizza on a table 
9: A bathroom featuring a modern style and fixtures.
9: A zebra bends over to pick up a stick off of the ground.
9: A photo taken from an airplane looking down at the mountains.
9: A photograph of Key Bank with a clock under the sign.
9: A man standing outside next to a motorcycle.
9: This is a man reaching in to a clay kiln.
9: A man is taking his picture in a mirror.
9: A young bear is standing on it's hind legs.
9: A plate of food with some salad on bread.
9: Three girls on skis posing for a photo pretending they were skiing.
9: a lady that has a  umbrella in her hand
9: a bird landing on a beach towel at the beach
9: some grapes and cheese sitting next to a bottle of wine and a vase 
9: The trolley car runs up and down the street on train rails.
9: a yellow faced train is coming down the tracks
9: TWO PELICANS ARE RESTING ON THE ROCKS BY THE WATER
9: A room is furnished with couches, rugs, and fancy paintings.
9: A uniformed baseball player swinging a bat at home plate.  
9: An ocean with waves beside a city. 
9: A young woman holding a green baseball bat on a field.
9: Man with crazy hair, glasses and earrings in both ears.
9: White sailboat sitting in a shallow area at a Pier. 
9: A man in black is skiing down the hill
9: A young man in ski equipment is looking at a cell phone.
9: Two woman pose for a picture in front of the mirror
9: Several people on a hill flying kites. 
9: there is a black and white photo of posters on the side of a building
9: A dog peeks its head out of an open window.  
9: A lady is walking along side a blue train.
9: A picture of some people on the street.
9: airplane on the runway and a cloudy sky
9: a living room with a couch a tv and a lamp
9: Three children fly a kite along the beach.
9: two bike and helmets on a moving bus with lady in the front 
9: Two ladies with eye glasses in the kitchen preparing food next to a sink.
9: A snow boarder making a big jump on a slope
9: Friends having a cup of tea at the end of a long meal at a restaurant
9: A bus pulls over to the curb close to an intersection.
9: Pink flowers in a clear vase next to a mug.
9: Two double winged single engine planes flying in the sky.
9: Skateboarder performing at skate park with many onlookers.
9: A large group of people in olden clothes.
9: A group of people that are looking at some musicians. 
9: A woman eating food on a deck at a party 
9: On a natural wood table, with a red curtain as backdrop, sit two computer monitors and keyboard.
9: A cat that is standing on a chair looking out of a window.
9: MAN IN HAT AND GLASSES TAKING A SELFIE IN FRONT OF A STORE WINDOW
9: A woman sticking her tongue out while playing with a Wii.
9: A hand in a purple glove holding a hotdog bun full of chili.
9: A man doing a trick on a skateboard off a wall.
9: A brown teddy bear sitting in front of an open book.
9: A skateboarder is crossing the intersection of a street.
9: A woman that is holding a cellphone near her face.
9: four women sitting on a bench and one is standing
9: a motorcycle is parked in a grassy field
9: Two giraffes standing in a desert like area. 
9: A RED CARS VIEW OF A COW IN THE REAR VIEW MIRROR 
9: A man is on a dirt bike practicing for his upcoming race.
9: A panda bear chewing on a piece of bamboo.
9: A plate of pizza slice on a table ready to be eaten.
9: A large long train on a steel track.
9: A group of employees are working with a pair of elephants.
9: A grey chicken in a farmyard pecks at a carrot.
9: Yellow propeller airplane sitting on the runway by itself. 
9: A man standing beside his little boy while they are in the snow
9: a blue and green pro tennis court and a tennis player
9: Graffiti is sprayed over the door of a red train.
9: A small tiled bathroom with several mirros of varying shape.
9: The bathroom has been cleaned and is ready to use. 
9: A boat dock area with many boats of all sizes and colors
9: The traffic lights glow green in the night sky.
9: A young man skating on a slope with others
9: A city street sign in front of a very big building.
9: A small white and blue plane sitting on black top.
9: some motorcycles are parked in a row and some men
9: A batter and catcher during a baseball game with people watching.
9: A banana that is resting on top of something metal.
9: A girl flying a kite on a beach.
9: A small plane is flying in the air.  
9: a bed room with a bed a drawer and a window
9: A person in a backpack is under an umbrella on the beach.
9: A man with a fro kickin over a metal chair.
9: Several elephants walking together in a line near water.
9: A sun bear yawns and extends its long tongue.
9: people going along a hill on skiis during a race 
9: The baseball player is walking on the side of the field.
9: A man is pretending to hit a statue of a giraffe.
9: a baseball player on the feild with a bat 
9: Two horses of different colors in a grassy area.
9: Two men seated at an open air restaurant.
9: A van with many people is driving down the street.
9: A sheep behind another large animal on what looks to be a farm.
9: A man in a blue dress shirt and tie sitting in an office chair.
9: A boy wearing a black, red and yellow superhero costume and wearing a painted-on black-and-white "eye mask" eats something from a sheet of white wax paper.
9: An old male using a laptop while looking at the photographer 
9: A large group of horses tied to some posts.
9: A neatly made bed in the hotel room. 
9: A captive zebra turns back to look mournfully at the camera. 
9: A couple of horses standing in a field with concerned looks.
9: A group of park benches occupied by people sitting on them
9: Traffic light on "red" surrounded by barricade gates.
9: A brown, black, and white cat that is wearing a black hat 
9: A motorcycle rider goes airborne and does tricks.
9: Two people riding in  a row boat on calm water.
9: Food is on a tray on a bed in a hotel room, next to an unmade bed.
9: A kitchen with small photos of other walls in it 
9: There is a close up view of a sandwich that is not eaten
9: A little kid swinging a bat in a baseball game.
9: many vases displayed on a shelf near a wall
9: A person and a chair next to a doughnut machine.
9: A man sitting on the back of a white horse in a fence. 
9: A couple one wearing a wedding dress the other with orange res hair wearing a black suit cut a cake.
9: A boy and a girl are sitting on a person wearing a large bear suit.
9: a man that is skiing across some snow
9: Television view of a baseball player holding a bat. 
9: An alpine skier passing a flag on the slope.
9: Sign to downtown via clark street pointing left
9: A bird that is sitting on a tree.
9: A pole has several different road signs on it.
9: A man is catching a frisbee on a beach. 
9: A man riding through the air on top of skateboard.
9: A dog laying on the couch next to remotes.
9: A dog sitting on the roof of a building next to a satellite dish and a surfboard.
9: The antique bicycles are displayed in various ways.
9: Signed baseball card of a batter and the umpire.
9: Three people standing in a wooded area walking three dogs. 
9: A surfer rides his board on the crest of a wave
9: A man and woman are riding a motorcycle and the woman is carrying a DSW bag.
9: A dog jumps and catches a flying disk.
9: A man in a tux eating a piece of pizza.
9: a giant bed sitting in the corner of a room.
9: A batter readies to swing at first plate
9: The floor of the bathroom is strewn with toilet paper.
9: A small bird perched on some flower on a roadside
9: The older man is sitting in the bed of a truck. 
9: The old-fashioned pink bike has a basket on it.
9: A person holding a hamburger near some fries and a laptop.
9: a small child swinging a baseball bat at a ball
9: A building near a park during the daytime somewhere.
9: An elephant is standing next to a tree and a fence.
9: A young man is playing tennis on a court.
9: People are sitting at desks working on computers.
9: A little baby zebra running around in a fenced in area.
9: A dirty public washroom with a newspaper near the toilet roll.
9: The baseball player is throwing the ball hard.
9: Donuts are being removed from a conveyor belt.
9: An empty station with a train pulled into it.
9: A pitcher has just thrown a baseball and another player is in the background.
9: A mini pizza with olives, tomatoes, mozzarella and parmesan is on the plate.
9: A BOY IS WALKING IN A RESTRAUANT GOING SOMEWHERE
9: A shirtless man with a hat and sunglasses holding a frisbee in one hand and in a stance where he is preparing to throw the frisbee.
9: A hotdog with ketchup, mustard, and relish. 
9: Bedroom with striped walls, table, chair, and bed.
9: A stop sign at the intersection of a rural highway surrounded by green hills.
9: A clock way up the side of a brick building.
9: A group of girls who are playing a game in the sand.
9: A tin vase filled with apple blossoms sits on a folding chair.
9: A man skiing with a backpack and ski poles. 
9: Goat standing in grassy field with mixed dry grass. 
9: Old bathroom with a sink, mirror, and bathtub
9: A sandwich and french fries are on a plate.
9: A panda sitting in its enclosure with trees and bushes.
9: This is a photo of someones bathroom in their home. 
9: A pancake has a topping of mixed fresh fruit. 
9: The room with the desk and computer is messy and crowded. 
9: many red and white stop signs and a one way sign
9: A meal of a reuben sandwich with fries and coleslaw.
9: A group of elephants standing next to some water.
9: A man holding two surfboards walking on a beach.
9: a man and two kids by the water playing with a kite 
9: Two people and a dog are walking in a field.
9: A four-sided clock is displaying the time in the dark.
9: A man holding kite down by the ocean.
9: Two giraffes are standing next to a small road.
9: A purple leopard print towel hanging in a restroom.
9: Two horses standing in the grass and sand.
9: A motorcycle is parked on a gravel road in a forest by a stream.
9: The meal is prepared and ready to be eaten. 
9: two people sitting on couches holding plates of food
9: A person leans forward with ski sticks. 
9: Black cat lying on furniture, being annoyed by photographer.
9: A flock of birds flying over a pond.
9: Two men standing near a brown horse in a stable.
9: A woman riding on top of a white paddle board.
9: Some people are outside and having fun. 
9: A person looking at oranges at an open air market.
9: tennis players play tennis as fans watch 
9: A stick pressing a salad in a bowl.
9: A cat laying on its side near a remote on a bed.
9: A person walking down the street past snow covered benches
9: Asian businessman in a restaurant with one of them being served. 
9: Plates of Pizza with silverware next to ketchup and other condiments. 
9: A block of sheep and lambs walking under a tree in a green pasture.
9: An intersection next to an orange outdoor mall.
9: A bedroom that is empty aside from and bed and dressers.
9: Rhinos and giraffes are standing close together eating.
9: Two street signs posted on a street light pole near the city
9: A young man airborne while riding his skate board.
9: The computer is turned on at the cluttered workstation.
9: A women lying in her underwear on a bed.
9: round porthole window in dining room with flower vase
9: A herd of sheep crowded into a green transportation container.
9: a double picture of the same flying aircraft
9: A tabby cat laying  in the armrest of a couch.
9: a picture of cheesecake with whipcream on a fork
9: A bird standing on the ground looking around
9: A plate of vegetables and pasta are in a bowl.
9: A cat wearing a tie, laying on a large soft surface.
9: Several people walking on sidewalks with umbrella's in the rain.
9: A desk, dresser, stacks of books are in a room.
9: two cats one is black and white and the other is brown black and white sleeping 
9: An elephant is swimming in a pool of water.
9: An old fashioned steam engine with cars attached.
9: The man is snowboarding down the hill while his family watches.
9: Boys playing baseball, with one little boy at bat and parents watching.
9: A crowd of people eating in a restaraunt
9: The pork chop dinner has a side of brussel sprouts.
9: A bird stands on top of the sand and water.
9: Members of opposing baseball teams are on a baseball field as the spectators sit in the grandstand.
9: Top down view of a toilet with a scrubbing brush holder.
9: Three horses grazing in the snow with trees in the background.
9: An old wall is falling apart along a street in mexico.
9: A large, twin engine airliner is slightly tilted to one side in the air.
9: A boy doing a trick on a skate board at a park.
9: A woman wearing blue is on the phone and walking along a sidewalk in front of a building with black planters on both sides of the entrance.
9: A woman with dark hair with a phone to her ear
9: two children in a field with many trees in the background 
9: Two whole chickens sitting on a bed of vegetables.
9: An old black and white photo of two men next to eachother.
9: A motorcycle is parked on the side of the road near the grass and a sign for a forest.
9: A group of cows standing next to each other.
9: A man holding a para sail chute on a beach.
9: Stuffed teddy bears and ducks for sale at a stall 
9: A white bird fly's in the air above the blue water.
9: A woman riding a surfboard on a wave.
9: A large freight train driving along a lush green forest.
9: A game device is open a flat surface with game paraphernalia around it. 
9: A red fire hydrant on the sidewalk of a street.
9: A clock in a bar with a saying above it on a sign.
9: A picture of a busy asian street with a sign sayig "Sasa".
9: A pile of discarded household appliances and furniture sit on a street corner. 
9: A pizza that is sitting on a counter.
9: A lady is holding the kite ready for lift off. 
9: A wet dog being giving a bath by it's owners.
9: A stove is covered with a boiler full of water and various plates of food.
9: People fill the square in front of a historical building.
9: A dog laying on its stomach on a skateboard.
9: A small child in a Halloween costume wearing glasses and a hat.
9: Hands holding a cell phone with fingers in motion.
9: A man flying through the air on his skateboard.

9: the large sandwich bun holds different kinds of meat
9: peeling of an orange quartered with a pocket knife
9: A Swiss Army knife sits next to a flash drive on a table. 
9: A pizza that has been cooked is on a plate that is on a table.
9: A kitchen with a full set of appliances, wooden cabinets and black counter tops.
9: A black and white zebra standing on a lush green grass covered field.
9: People waiting  in inspection line with their luggage.
9: This toilet features an orange ring on it
9: some one in the bath room laying in the bath
9: a close up of a three wheeled motor cycle
9: Three elephants walking in sand in their enclosure at a zoo.
9: A group of people riding skis down a snowy hill.
9: wooden boxes sitting on the ground by a train
9: A little girl standing in a kitchen holding a doughnut.
9: A train driving pass another train at a train station.
9: A cat plays with a pocket knife on a table.
9: A brightly decorated room with a large mirror behind a long couch 
9: a couple sitting on a bench with a little girl
9: An open stove shows a pan full of a food. 
9: Young woman playing WII in a furnished living room.
9: A woman is sitting on the edge of a white bed.
9: Cat in a piece of luggage on a bed.
9: A brown ottoman sits near a black counter in a vacant room.
9:  a chicken dish with rice carrots and hush puppies  
9: two cows behind a fence near a fire hydrant
9: a plate of broccoli being prepared to be eaten 
9: a sliced up pizza is laying on a cutting board
9: An old piece of film shows a cemetery and a road sign.
9: Fresh and cooked vegetable meal on a cluttered table.
9: A white paper plate topped with steak, potatoes and carrots.
9: a male skateboarder  in a black shirt is doing a trick
9: The cows are grazing in a field. 
9: a large elephants is outside in a field 
9: A baseball player pitching a ball on top of a field.
9: A man in a chef uniform talking on a cell phone.
9: A bony black cow is in on the city street.
9: A convoy of army green transport trucks on top of train cars.
9: A woman holding a baby girl and a large stuffed teddy bear.
9: A young person leisurely cross country skiing down a trail.
9: A man and woman traveling on the subway with surfboards. 
9: Diners in a restaurant sit at a long table. 
9: A kitchen with open style cabinets and a counter full of liquor bottles.
9: A man holds and gestures toward a sandwich
9: Three blue and white vases are shown on a shelf.
9: A blender sitting next to a  counter near a plaque.
9: A man is jumping high on a skate board over a ramp 
9: A pretty lady working behind the counter at a bakery.
9: A cluttered home office with a cat sitting on the chair.
9: A man with a racket in his hand while playing tennis in front of a crowd. 
9: The glass of wine is sitting on a table with a vase.
9: A woman stands behind her luggage next to a building. 
9: A boat is turned over in the snow.
9: A couple of people on surf boards in the water.
9: A culinary class in a large kitchen with several stoves.
9: A small child standing next to a small horse eating hay.
9: Girls playing soccer on a soccer field with people watching from a set of bleachers.
9: A guy sits on a motorbike while another fixes it.
9: A blue and red train going down the tracks.
9: a car that is parked next to a fire hydrogen 
9: a motorcycle parked in the grass by a factory
9: A ray of sunlight peering through a tree near clock tower and a crowd of people.
9: A person in black attire holding up and pointing to an object.
9: A very long sand which on a table
9: A picture of a model train set on train tracks.
9: A man sitting on a bench with hands touching his face with a stuffed animal sitting on his side.
9: A person with an umbrella is waiting by the building.
9: A very tall building with a clock at the top of it.
9: An interior shot of a living area with wooden accent modern decor.
9: A woman and child walk down the street holding hands wearing umbrella hats.
9: A forklift is loaded onto a flatbed truck. 
9: An old bathroom with a new toilet installed.
9: A FOGGY MORNING WITH PEOPLE RIDING BICYCLES IN THE YARD.
9: Two zebra walk very near each other next to the woods.
9: a person walking beside a boat sitting next to a fence 
9: A body of water full of boats and birds.
9: a brown couch a brown chair a table and a ceiling fan
9: Dogs curled up resting on a green couch.
9: A large white and blue train on a train track.
9: A player getting ready to bat a baseball game.
9: A little boy that is standing in the grass with a bat.
9: A tennis player wears a red top and a white visor.
9: a short passenger train on a track by a grassy hill
9: The plate with fruit salad is near two plate of salad.
9: A black, grey and white cat sitting by a television.
9: a book that is open and laying by a white mask
9: A large group of people on bicycles and scooters on city street.
9: A clock tower has ornate details with statues of angels and musicians.
9: A lady is sitting cross legged on a bench while reading.
9: A train is pulling into the train station.
9: a truck sits in front of a building 
9: A long haired cat that is posing for a picture. 
9: A steer standing next to a stand of assorted juices and drinks.
9: A couple of people standing in the ocean under a kite.
9: A huge pile of luggage near a book rack. 
9: A group of electronics, eye glasses and a day book.
9: A man's boutonniere and tie are flamboyantly patterned.
9: a group of peopl standing arond on the beach wearing wetsuits 
9: A man walking on the beach with a surfboard
9: There is a skateboarder doing a jumping trick
9: A train museum inside of a large building 
9: A few people waiting in line to use an fake surf attraction.
9: The crowd is looking at something covered in white cloth.
9: An older model roof to an outdoor car garage.  
9: A banana bearing a smiley face is looking in a mirror.
9: Men in white outfits are near very old cars.
9: Several surf boarders at a city wave pool.
9: A bathroom furnished with two sinks, a bathtub, shower, and cabinet.
9: Two dogs in the car looking outside of the window. 
9: an image of a herd of zebras grazing in the wilderness
9: Children playing tennis on a clay-court outdoors. 
9: a bunch of people on skate boards ride on some cement
9: Two airplanes facing the opposite direction on the runway. 
9: A red and white bus ahead of a green bus. 
9: A zebra standing on top of a field standing next to a fence.
9: Some guys on horses with a rope catching a cow.
9: Several shelves of old lights, clocks and Valentines merchandise.
9: a woman in a orange and white tennis outfit on a tennis court 
9: A polar bear swimming in an enclosure, with fake ice.
9: Several antiques are sitting on a table with white labels attached to them 
9: There is interesting looking food in this box.
9: A toilet sitting in front of someones house. 
9: A TV siting inside of a wooden stand in a room.
9: A dog who is sitting on a couch next to its owner.
9: A man holding a skateboard in a park at sunset.
9: A man lying on a pink couch looking at a laptop in a living room.
9: The child is flying a kite on the beach.
9: A kite skateboarder lifts his board off the ground in a puff of wind.
9: Two containers containing quiche, a salad, apples and a banana on the side.
9: A type of game that is topped with a piece of wood.
9: A grey and white cat sitting in a sink 
9: A man holding a glass full of beer in his right hand.
9: An adult horse and calf standing in a green pasture.
9: A man catches a frisbee in the park.
9: A bathroom with a toilet next to a sink.
9: there is a woman with a robe on laying in bed
9: A shirtless young man is skateboarding at the skate park.
9: A large bear laying down on a leather hammock.
9: Bananas overhang an open crate that is half full of potatoes and has writing on the side. 
9: A pair of people ride on a moped on the street.
9: A couple of people on the beach with many umbrellas.
9: a very colorful double decker bus on the street
9: A person and a surfboard in the water.
9: A woman and a little boy exchanging a tennis racquet
9: Beautiful resort in exotic location with large vacated pool.
9: A small child stands in a shopping cart with an umbrella.
9: Four sheep standing against a fence looking at a man with a red bowl.
9: A train going down the track with steam on top and a bicyclist riding beside it.
9: Woman learning how to surf from instructor on beach.
9: A young woman holding up a white bread sandwich in her kitchen 
9: A group of zebras grazing in a grassy field.
9: A young man stands on a tennis court holding a racquet and ball.
9: A man, TV,  and chair with a stuffed animal are outside.
9: A refrigerator case contains a large number of imported beers.
9: A fire hydrant that is sitting on the sidewalk.
9: a person on a tennis court with a racket in hand
9: A woman with her baby walk through the house
9: A young man laying down and looking at a television
9: A bus that is sitting on the side of the road.
9: A group of skiers decend a snowy mountain hill.
9: A baseball player standing at home plate getting ready to bat
9: A couple of men standing along side of a river.
9: a wet black dog running on the beach 
9: a lone fishing boat accelerates into open water
9: two small children playing next to a fired hydrant and holding a balloon
9: A gerbil eating on a sprout of broccoli on the floor.
9: A view of the airplane looking down from the head.
9: a group of sheep in a field being followed by a dog
9: a man reaching up with his tennis racket to hit the ball 
9: Sandwich with bean sprouts and tomatoes are being sliced. 
9: a giraffe in the middle of a field of grass with trees in the background
9: A cat with its nose next to a sandwich on a white plate
9: A young man standing with luggage next to the tracks
9: an image of a bedroom setting that is decorated 
9: An adult and baby elephant in front of a dried up tree.
9: People are standing outside on a platform near a train.
9: A young mother at home with her two children.
9: Small animals eating an open banana in a tree.
9: The boats are floting on top of the water.
9: A large piece of broccoli sitting inside of a leafy plant.
9: A woman holding a lit birthday cake at the base of the stairs.
9: a man is grinding a block on a skateboaard
9: a white dog is standing in a small boat
9: a old building on St. Ann street 
9: Man blowing out white candles on top of a brown cake. 
9: The man is sitting on top of the elephant.
9: A bench is next to a lamp post in the middle of a field.
9: The door to the train is open at the depot.
9: A man with a racquet on a tennis court.
9: A white polar bear is walking on some rocks.
9: There is some people buying oranges and fruit.
9: A man sits on the couch and is on laptop and phone.
9: A woman carrying an umbrella talks on her cellphone while walking through the city on a rainy night.
9: A person runs after a soccer ball and smiles.
9: A bowl of diced fruit is on a table beside a pineapple.
9: Cars and city buses at a traffic stop in a city. 
9: Some trains are next to a snow mobile.
9: An umpire, a catcher and a batter are on a baseball field's home plate.
9: The laptop computer is on the desk under the light.
9: The man is dancing on the sidewalk in front of everyone. 
9: A cat curled up next to a tree planted in a planter.
9: A vase full of flowers is sitting on display.
9: A group of men on the back of a train.
9: A toilet missing the back section sitting next to a tree.
9: A runner is tagging home plate as the catcher looks on.
9: a bird eating out of a pizza box that is on the ground
9: A cat and a dog rest together on a hideous orange couch.
9: a close up of a polar bear in a body of water 
9: Street lights lit up in the dark by the street. 
9: A group of firefighters are riding in a firetruck.
9: Two large and furry foxes looking at something together.
9: a woman is at an airport with a bunch of luggage
9: Green truck with wood back end in desert.
9: A white cow rests in a forest by a large rock and trees.
9: a truck driving on a city street with a traffic light
9: a small black brown and white cat a person and an apple
9: A golden cat sitting on a bench in front of a bicycle.
9: A washroom having toilet,bathtub.In between is a partition by curtain.
9: a motorcycle with saddle bags and a trunk
9: A grey tabby cat and an orange tabby cat sitting on a blue chair
9: a person riding a surf board on a wave
9: A small white toilet under a bathroom window.
9: A baby standing beside a toilet drums on the seat.
9: Girl washing a dog who is sitting in a bucketful of water in a sink.
9: a close up of a person looking up at a kite flying in the sky
9: A boy is standing on base and throwing the baseball.
9: A piece of cake with fruit baked into it.
9: Several blue umbrellas on the ground on a sidewalk 
9: Two surfers hold surfboards while looking out at a sunlit beach.
9: A surfer in the middle of two waves that have crested
9: A surferboard group stand sont he beach in the water
9: a glass vase with some pink flowers on a table
9: The front and back view of a cell phone
9: A man and a woman standing with drinks. 
9: A man readies to swing his baseball bat. 
9: A picture of a building outside in the snow.
9: A woman sitting down talking on a phone and writing
9: A mixture of pastries laying on wax paper.
9: The sleeping cat is reflected in the mirror.
9: a baby zebra standing in front of a bigger zebra 
9: A large kitchen filled with lots of white appliances.
9: A tube that is laying down on a sink.
9: A kitten sits facing an open black laptop.
9: A group of people who are sitting on couches in front of a television.
9: A table with plates of food and a bottle of alcohol.
9: A bathroom is outfitted with brown and white.
9: A TV SET IS IN THE LVING ROOM WITH A FIRE PLACE
9: a couple of big slabs of meat with foot on top of them
9: The small kitchen with the spacious counters is clean.
9: A cargo train that is traveling down the railroad tracks.
9: A parking meter in front of a fenced in car park.
9: An old black and white photo of a man in suits.
9: A small bathroom with a toilet next to a cabinet.
9: A bird perched on top of a white coffee cup.
9: Personal care items and jewelry are next to a bathroom sink. 
9: Woman pushing a cart of luggage in a transportation terminal.
9: Group of boats moored in shallow water near ocean.
9: A bird sitting on a branch of a tree.
9: A guy throws a tennis ball in the air to hit it. 
9: A seagull with a piece of bread fling in the air.
9: A tall glass vase on a balcony railing.
9: A series of steep stairs lay next to a lake
9: A plate full of food that has carrots and some meat on it.
9: A dog looking out of a second story window next to a mirror.
9: A glass bottle of beer beside a cell phone.
9: There are dogs and people inside a bus.
9: a person sitting on a bench near many trees 
9: A couple of zebras stand near a cut tree limb in a grassy field.
9: a double decked bus sits parked under an awning 
9: A woman in blue jacket standing on a snowboard.
9: A plate of food with meat and vegetables.
9: A man doing pushups with a doughnut in his mouth.
9: A goalie making a diving block to stop the other team from scoring. 
9: a kite flying in the air over a field of green grass
9: a man and two women ssitting in a small fire truck
9: A fire hydrant on a cobbled stone sidewalk with a red bus in the distance.
9: A fire hydrant with a glove next to it
9: A couch and some chairs in a room.
9: A group of four people are riding a ski lift as they ride over the snowy mountain.
9: A woman holding a red tennis racket near a campground.
9: An above shot of several different fruits and vegetables. 
9: A man reaches into an oven as surrounded by bagels.
9: A group of ducks swim in water that is shared with gold fish.
9: a blue bench a house and some bushes
9: A central theme of this living room is not easily detected.
9: a man sitting in front of a laptop on a table
9: there us a woman and a young child sitting on a bench
9: a man helping another man fix his tie
9: A black cat looking up while lying on a suitcase.
9: A small child playing in the water at the beach
9: The bathroom has been clean and is ready for the guests to use.
9: a plate full of vegetables and some chicken with mushrooms on it 
9: a woman walking down the sidewalk with a blue umbrella 
9: A green stuffed toy inside of a plastic container next to a hot dog.
9: An athlete wiping sweat from his brow with his shirt.
9: A collage of four photos, three of them show a keyboard the other a mouse.
9: The name of the street is Lincoln Ave 
9: Keyboard, sunglasses, book, pen, and various items on a table.
9: A brown bear in the water next to a dock.
9: A motorcycle painted with green and yellow checkers
9: Some sort of a blue sofa sits in a small room; a mirror and a picture hang above it. 
9: A woman bathing a small baby in a kitchen.
9: A boat carries a smaller motorboat that is hitched on the back.
9: A snowy and icy side of rock, with a sign standing in front of it.
9: a woman standing in the snow while wearing some skiis and goggles 
9: Four lambs on a farm enjoy eating their hay.
9: A photo of a bed with a pillow that has a picture on it.
9: A child's bedroom with a toddler bed and a twin bed.
9: A young woman holding up her phone to take pictures
9: a couple of birds that are eating something out of the grass
9: Ostrich, zebra, and other grazers in a wide-open rough field.
9: A hair dryer, a brush, and glasses rest on top of a notepad and magazine.
9: A man taking a swing at a tennis ball
9: The ride has a large circular track on it.
9: A professional tennis player running to meet the ball at an indoor match
9: Various different types of books, including non-fiction, are piled in one high pile.
9: A tray on a bed with food and drink.
9: Two trains are side by side, one slightly ahead of the other.
9: A bicycle wheel is on a couple of stands
9: a man is wearing a baseball glove at a game
9: Vases are lined up on the ground in a variety of colors.
9: a huge suitcase with a bunch of stickers on it
9: A double-decker bus stopping to pick up more passengers. 
9: The view out the window of a passenger train.
9: TWO PEOPLE ARE STANDING NEAR TO A GIRAFFE.
9: A metal pole inside of a dirty building
9: A bed made of wood in a room with lots of wood furniture.
9: Two birds haing sex on top of a roof covered in tile.
9: A bedroom decorated with skull and crossbones on the bed and wall.
9: The baseball player is up at bat on the field.
9: A fruit stand on the side of the street with vehicles going by.
9: A surfer in a black wetsuit wiping out on a wave. 
9: A man on a skateboard pushing himself along with a stick.
9: A cat is wearing an orange and brown hat.
9: Three people sitting on a bench in and old-fashioned train station.
9: He is relaxed on the wall while making a call.
9: A table of plated food on a patio.
9: A girl sticking her hand in a large bowl.
9: tall clock tower made of grey brick stands tall
9: A clock with the appearance of the wheel of a bicycle 
9: A woman proudly displaying a freshly baked good.
9: A street sign reads both in English and Asian script.
9: A man wearing a suit stands in front of a lake and a mountain.
9: An elephant stands in the distance in a field
9: A double high bus that is sitting in the street.
9: White bench in the middle of a wooded area. 
9: a yellow fire hydrant some grass and buildings and trees
9: A man holding a snowboard while bending in the snow.
9: A group of girls on a field playing soccer
9: A little girl grins at her plate of pizza.
9: A kid and an adult with a suit case on a street.
9: A sailboat-carrying truck with people in the back on a tree lined road.
9: A man on a red motorcycle during a race.
9: a pizza with several topping cut in half 
9: A tennis player reacts to a play while falling.
9: A table with two stuffed bears sitting in chairs.
9: A snowboarder flying off a small snowy cliff.
9: a parking meter covered in snow next to a parked car
9: A large herd of animals on a grass field.
9: a bathroom with a shower curtain, a tub and a window with blinds
9: The sheep is looking plaintively down the road.
9: An elaborate laptop set up with additional keyboard.
9: A woman paddles through the waves on a surfboard.
9: Young people sitting on the concrete one has an umbrella.
9: A statue of clowns riding a tandem bike,
9: Two men are kicking a soccer ball on the city sidewalk. 
9: A big truck with a tarp covering it. 
9: a bed room with a bed a tv and a desk
9: Prepared dish of broccoli and nuts served in a glass bowl.
9: A freshly made pizza that is being served to someone. 
9: This is the outside of a building with chairs and benches present.
9: An old model train pulling to a stop at a train station.
9: Cars driving on a road near road signs and traffic lights.
9: A cake on a plate on a table 
9: People watch and take photos of a bear walking across a trail. 
9: A dog has his chewing ball in his mouth. 
9: A box where you pay for your parking.
9: A plate on a table with with different types of food.
9: an old black microwave sitting on top of a box in a room filled with boxes
9: A couple flies a kite on a large beach.
9: a bear on a road near a field of green grass
9: A man is holding a surfboard and staring out into the ocean.
9: a propeller plane sits hoisted inside of a building 
9: Three surfers dressed in red and black, lying on their stomachs while on the ocean water.
9: A train is pulled into a train station. 
9: A living room with an open door, a chair, and a television.
9: Bathroom scene with a specially made sponge for cleaning toilet
9: A wireless mouse sits next to a wireless keyboard.
9: Old photograph of newly wedded couple standing next to archway.
9: A open small turned on cell phone on a surface.
9: a person with an upside down skate board 
9: Three ladies with snow board standing under a sign on a slope.
9: A slice of pizza on a white ceramic plate.
9: The two giraffes are perched on the wood.
9: a woman is brushing a mans teeth and a guitar
9: The bathroom wall needs to be resurfaced and painted.
9: A surfer in a full body wetsuit with his hands up in the air, while riding a wave.
9: A close up of a giraffe eating from the top of a tree.
9: A pile of oranges sitting under a pile of bananas.
9: a close up of two dogs laying near each other on a tiled floor
9: A women is waiting at the airport with her suitcase.
9: A child in a blue coat skiing on a ski slope.
9: Two guys on their skateboards as people run down the street behind them.
9: Two black cats sitting next to each other on the windowsill. 
9: A kitchen with a lot of items sitting out. 
9: A sideways shot of two women playing a remote video game
9: A bunch of uncooked food on a counter.
9: A doughnut on a plate in a microwave on a counter.
9: Several bikes laying on the grass and a person holding a frisbee.
9: A woman sits on a couch and smiles.
9: A black cat holding a Nintendo Wii controller.
9: A large red and blue train on the train tracks.
9: A table is set with various grilled foods.
9: A person that is eating some food on a table.
9: A plate of spaghetti sits on a placemat.
9: A work station that has a bunch of loose paper on the desk.
9: A small game room with vintage arcade systems
9: One airplane is taking off from an airport while others are parked.
9: A city street with bicyclers and a man riding a elephant.
9: A tilted American flag is jutting into the foreground and flapping in a sky that also holds, what  appears to be para-sails, while a bridge marks the distance between a flat expanse of ground and rolling hills fronted by water. 
9: A display of teddy bears in assorted colors and sizes.
9: a tan colored teddy bear sits on a crochet covered chair.
9: A woman in a yellow life jacket rows a boat with a dog.
9: A cop car driving down a street with a crowd walking behind it.
9: a bathroom with a toilet and a shower
9: The baby elephant stays close to its mother.
9: A giraffe eating some food out of a bucket.
9: an amateur ski day out with the family
9: A man skillfully water skiing in wild water.
9: A cargo train that is traveling down some tracks.
9: A man herding sheep with two red sticks while a dog herds them from behind.
9: A narrow city street with signs in Chinese Characters.
9: A young woman wearing red and blue holding a white and yellow Frisbee.
9: A man mid jump swinging at a tennis ball as spectators watch.
9: A man with a helmet on, on skis at the top of a slope.
9: A surfer tilts her board straight up at the top of a wave
9: A little boy taking a swim at the beach
9: Assorted fruit on display at a fruit market.
9: A man in black jacket on a black horse.
9: Blue and yellow fire hydrant sitting next to a green cone. 
9: a white couch tan pillows coffee table and a television set
9: The woman is searching for something in the fridge. 
9: a close up of an adult holding a child brushing their teeth
9: A black and red Pontiac vehicle with a group of bikes on top of it and people standing near by with umbrellas. 
9: Some cats laying on a bed and posing for a picture. 
9: Surfer in a wet suit surfing on a small wave.
9: A man in a suit and tie holding up a hand.
9: Three birds perched on a gutter on a building.
9: Black and white photograph of elderly woman talking on phone.
9: Large buses that are parked on the road nearby a motorcycle and bicycle.
9: A wedding cake is on a table with a knife near it.
9: A stuffed bear appears to be using a laptop computer.
9: A cat is trying to squeeze through a door.
9: Three computer monitors are sitting on the desk.
9: Baseball game close up of batter, catcher and baseball fans.
9: A zebra and a giraffe walk in a field. 
9: A person doing a trick on a snowboard off a hill.
9: A tall clock tower stands near a body of water and a light post.
9: Man and woman kissing under an umbrella on a lawn at a public performance.
9: A motorcycle parked on the side of a road.
9: Two horses eat grass next to a group of parked cars.
9: A wooden bench in the lush garden of a cottage.
9: A plate of food with rice and beans, broccoli and meat. 
9: A subway station with a parked subway train.
9: A lady in the waters holding a surfboard close to the shore
9: Three men stand posing together for a photograph.
9: Two green buses in London that are clean and shiny.
9: a wooden table with silverware glasses and some food
9: the supplies on a counter to make some banana bread 
9: some green yellow black white and orange birds and some plants
9: The cat is laying down in the shade. 
9: A couple of people on a street under a umbrella.
9: The washroom having a toilet,wash basin and a bath tub.
9: A blue shelving unit has a vase and metal cups on it. 
9: A group of motorcyclists riding down a street in a crowd. 
9: A woman sitting on a bed brushing her teeth.
9: a plate of food near a cup of coffee on a table
9: their are two men in suits getting ready 
9: There is a big table of bananas next to runners.
9: a powered on open laptop and a keyboard.
9: A person and a child ride on a skateboard in this black and white photo.
9: TWO BROWN COWS IN A STALL FILLED WITH STRAW
9: Some people are holding up there flip phones
9: A smiling man is surfing in a low surf.
9: A baby elephant standing in the mud next to a body of water.
9: There is a horse race going on in a carriage cart
9: A homemade pizza with jarred sauce and cheese
9: A man with a shirt and tie, wearing sunglasses and a motorcycle helmet on his head.
9: The adult sheep is standing near a stone wall. 
9: a black and silver parking meter next to two cars and snow
9: A couple of horses grazing in front of an estate.
9: People behind a gate and some are holding surfboards. 
9: a person is on a skateboard sliding along a wall
9: An uneaten sandwich, a pickle, a salad, and a drink on a table.
9: A waffle and chicken sandwich with syrup on top
9: Someone feeding a goat a piece of carrot. 
9: A black and white photo of students in a school posing for a school photo.
9: a small child with a hat and snow shoes
9: Teddy bears that are sitting on top of a cupcake.
9: an image of a boy on his bike riding past a building
9: A brown bear sitting in a  chair while wearing a red hat.
9: a person wearing a suit and tie 
9: A group of people ready their skiing equipment in the snow.
9: a black bull hiding behind some grass while what looks like a white crane is riding the bulls back.
9: A family of three plays a video game together.
9: An old stove that some one has thrown out in the garbage.
9: Giant butterfly kite flown above a crowd of people.
9: Stacks of cages are piled by the docks
9: A large cake and a knife on a table.
9: A man holding up a tooth brush as he yells at it.
9: A man and woman are playing an interactive video game with controllers.
9: Two cars parked on the road next to a building
9: A toilet that is sitting on a tile floor.
9: a stop sign sits in front of a building 
9: A cross country skier with a backpack, on a trail 
9: A person that is on top of an elephant.
9: A small bowl of broccoli with some slices of apple and a lemon wedge.
9: A busy intersection with cars waiting for a red light.
9: A very tasty looking hot dog and some cooked potatoes.
9: A big pretty vase with some very pretty flowers.
9: a man holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.
9: A kite flying inside a gym with lights on.
9: A family of zebras walking together in the dirt.
9: The donuts in the package are all glazed.
9: an image of a bowl of tomatoes and a flower
9: A donut making machine rolling out donuts into a round pan/bowl.
9: Two horses are shown plowing a piece of land while a man watches.
9: Pristine kitchen with luxury amenities and living room in back.
9: A person that is writing a motorcycle on the street.
9: A polar bear reclines over rocks while chewing on a twig.
9: A couple of men race horses around a track
9: a glass with a clock sitting behind of it 
9: A stop sign glowing at night with a persons hands on it.
9: Two friends sharing a drink at a party.
9: A plate topped with a muffin and piece of cake.
9: A No Parking, No Skateboards and No Littering sign on a street side.
9:  There are three tvs with a keyboard in front of it
9: A bathroom with toilet and sink in it.
9: A man that is on a surfboard in the water.
9: Man riding a skate board down the little board way.
9: A dog running and playing beside an upside boat on dry land.
9: A car that is stopped at three street lights.  People are waiting to cross the street.
9: The girl and bus are going in different directions.
9: A man does a skateboard trick at a park in a city.
9: an old fashioned kitchen with pink refrigerator and green stove.
9: A variety of vegetables with prices are shown.
9: a zoomed image of a plate of ethnic food
9: A small kitchen with a living room and brightly colored pillows.
9: A large group of people are hanging out at the beach.
9: a white headed bird perched in a tree in an enclosure
9: A variety of donuts inside a glass display case.
9: A woman on a sidewalk staring at a bird.
9: two people sharing a condiment while on two different boats
9: A young male riding his skate board in a parking garage.
9: Two street signs indicating no parking or towing.
9: A man sitting at a dinner table smiling.
9: A man in a wet suit holding a surfboard under his arm. 
9: These three people are traveling down the river in a raft. 
9: Three children standing together on top of a concrete surface.
9: a computer with a keyboard that has black and white keys 
9: A young man is relaxing outside with his surf boards. 
9: A umbrella that is on a grass mat in the sand
9: A small child is riding a toy motorcycle.
9: Woman sitting on couch using her laptop in pajamas.
9: A row of sinks and mirrors in a rest room
9: A women who is taking a picture of her food.
9: A large teddy bear attached to the roof of an SUV.
9: Batter winds up ready to hit the baseball
9: An uncommon picture of a single person inside this picture.

9: there is a surfer at the beach riding waves in the ocean
9: a fire truck turning towards another street by some trees 
9: The bright lights of many cars and street lamps shine underneath a bridge.
9: A fresh cut salad with dressing and serving tongs.
9: A trio of large brass colored vases sitting on a wall line.
9: Large rectangular dough being topped with vegetable and sauce prior to baking.
9: a boat riding in the water by a light tower
9: A giraffe gallops in the grass behind a rock and some branches.
9: A man is doing a trick on his board at dusk
9: Coffee with a bagel on a table nearby.
9: A boy in a toy fireman's hat takes a bite out of a pastry while sitting on a counter.
9: Two airplanes flying in the sky one on top of the other.
9: A woman flys a kite against a blue clear sky.
9: A green and white bus number 51 that goes to Hyde Park.
9: The train is coming out of the tunnel.
9: People walking in the rain on a sidewalk in a suburban neighborhood.
9: A cellphone that is sitting in a black holder.
9: A bus that is sitting inside of the street.
9: black and white image of a man wearing a motorcycle helmet
9: Two giraffes with their heads side by side.
9: A baseball player is swinging a bat at a ball while the catcher tries to catch it.
9: Zebras, wildebeests, and a giraffe stand in a zoo enclosure.
9: A number of newspapers lay on an empty bed.
9: Two cows running in a field in a grassy area. 
9: a white dog and a brown dog sitting on a chair with a blanket
9: A yellow truck is parked on grass near a jumbo jet on display.
9: Two bicycles are parked around a fire hydrant in front of a sidewalk cafe.
9: Four birds sitting in tree branches with no leaves.
9: A chair and umbrella sitting on a beach near a person.
9: A group of various electronics and planners laid out.
9: a cross country skier finishes a race while other skiers are coming up behind him
9: Couple of women sitting on benches while other people walk
9: A mobile phone sitting on top of a bag and some cords.
9: A view of several sheep and lambs in a grassy field.
9: A living room with a couch, chair and a coffee table.
9: Several people in gear standing in the snow near a mountain.
9: Two animals stand in a field next to a vehicle. 
9: A woman rollerblading in an open brick covered area.
9: A woman that is standing in front of a green sign.
9: Two people laughing in the middle of a green field.
9: A cake that looks like a train is sitting on a table.
9: A YOUNG MAN IS ON THE COURT PLAYING TENNIS
9: A plate of vegetables has broccoli and sprouts.
9: A curly haired boy rides a skateboard down a road.
9: a bunch of food sit inside of dish ware 
9: A plate of food with an apple and bowl of food on the side
9: there is a woman that is sitting in front of a bedroom window
9: A bunch of ripe banana hanging from a white shelf.
9: A train on it's railroad tracks and a cloudy sky. 
9: A small elephant walking across a grassy field.
9: A group of young men holding video game controllers.
9: People riding on elephants in the jungle 
9: There is a room that is lit up.
9: A man riding a successfully riding a wave in the ocean.
9: The door, fridge, and bed inside of a recreational vehicle. 
9: A metal row boat with three dogs and man in it.
9: A tagged traffic light displays a red arrow.
9: Cow wearing sunglasses is looked upon by other cow in field.
9: A model bathroom in an upscale house decorated in light tones.
9: A GREEN TABLE WITH A OLD RUSTY BLENDER AND A PRINTER 
9: An airplane flying in the sky over some trees.
9: A desk top computer and a laptop sitting on a wooden desk.
9: A metal pan with some cooked cup cakes.
9: An old stained computer keyboard and mouse on a table.
9: A woman holding a racket focuses on tennis ball.
9: A brown dog walking across a green field with a frisbee in it's mouth.
9: An action shot of a basketball game with one player leaping in the air
9: A woman standing at a red traffic light at a cross walk.
9: A white chair, books and shelves and a tv on in this room.
9: A woman hitting a ball with a tennis racquet.
9: A toddler on a seat on the floor.  
9: A policeman dressed in green, on a green motorcycle in the street and a large group of people watching behind a barricade.
9: Motorcycles and mopeds line a side street during the day in a city.
9: A man hanging ties on a board for sale
9: A mother sheep and a baby lamb are standing in hay.
9: Several professionally dressed men watching a woman holding a Wii controller
9: A very cute bright colored bird on a clock.
9: A parmesan covered Italian dish is shown close-up.
9: tHERE IS A YOUNG BOY RIDING A HORSE
9: A deep dish pizza on restaurant plates topped with olives. 
9: A clock tower jutting up above several other buildings.
9: Some people are travelling in the middle of a street and having fun.
9: a gay parade with some lesbians on motorcycles
9: A grilled sandwich sits on a cutting board by a knife.
9: A baseball team crowd together on the field
9: A full view of a living room filled with pink color. 
9: A cat on top of a television looking at the scree
9: A man in black beanie eating a sandwich over a table.
9: A cup of coffee is sitting next to a pastry.
9: A small black goat sits next to a white large goat.
9: A man leaping up to catch a frisbee with another man running behind him.
9: A metro bus parked along the street near a stair way.
9: a person riding a surf board on a wave
9: A herd of zebra and cows grazing on the savannah.
9: Two giraffes in a enclosure one bending towards something.
9: A person is skiing down a mountain next to a  blue line in the snow.
9: a yellow car in between two yellow trucks
9: A little girl posing for a picture while holding a teddy bear.
9: A man throwing a frisbee in the grassy area of a park.
9: A black and white photo of a man and woman on a bench.
9: A person on skis falls down a mountain.
9: A piece of cake that is sitting on foil.
9: A bird floating on top of water in the rain.
9: two horses standing in the snow inside a fence
9: A long lens on a camera another lens sits next to it.
9: Two slices of pizza on a paper plate in a box.
9: A group of people kitboard on top of a body of water.
9: A man in a baseball uniform leaning on a bat.
9: A kitchen with several counters and power plugs hanging from the ceiling.
9: Pizza chicken wings and egg rolls with ranch dressing.
9: A man riding a bike with an umbrella is going past a shop.
9: Top view of a bathroom including tub, sink and toilet.
9: A plate of food containing a sandwich and sweet potato fries.
9: A woman looks carefully as she smacks the tennis ball.
9: A man using a laptop at a small table 
9: People walking and standing on a beach in a cove
9: A lighthouse is behind the old abandoned boat.
9: there is a male skateboarder that is going down the stairs
9: Several women are seated at a table with coffee and crafting supplies on it.
9: A big bird and a giraffe in a big grassy field.
9: Faded no left turn sign on a city street.
9: Orange placed in bowl next wet marsh land
9: The man is playing tennis on the court. 
9: A woman is playing with a Wii controller.
9: A man flying through the air while riding a skateboard.
9: A lady holding a baby eating a carrot.
9: a woman and her kids sitting on a brown couch 
9: A small boat in the water is tethered to a dock.
9: A older bathroom with an ornately designed toilet and tile flooring.
9: a man is reaching for something in the truck bed
9: Three clocks on a table, with an employee standing behind them.
9: A colorful jet airliner takes off from an Oceanside airport.
9: A bathroom that is being remolded, the studs are showing.
9: A man sitting on top of a large elephant.
9: a cat sleeping next to a book on the floor 
9: Loaf of bread and eggs on a kitchen table.
9: Several elephants giving each other a bath in a pond.  
9: a large elephant that is walking across the road
9: A person on a cell phone in a group of people.
9: A nearly made bed with a cover and shut windows. 
9: guy jumping up set of steps with his skateboard
9: a group of people gather for a photo
9: a small dirty bathroom with a simple sink 
9: A runner wearing spandex has come across a large herd traveling down the dirt road.
9: A work desk with computer, laptop, and books
9: A small car pulling a wagon at an airport
9: A boy catching himself while riding a skateboard.
9: A fire hydrant sits by itself in front of a business
9: A very intricately designed old tower clock, with people coming through the arched doorway at the bottom of the photograph. 
9: An unattended motorcycle parked along a curb on roadway.
9: People are posing for a picture with a beauty pageant contestant.
9: A couple of horses arr jumping in a pin
9: Several dogs are outside in a fenced area.
9: A small train being ridden by a few people.
9: Small grey cat starring at a football game on a television.
9: A group of people in a field playing frisbee.
9: A man holding a tennis racquet waiting for the ball.
9: A sepia photo of Big Ben in London, seen from below.
9: Red vase with yellow flowers sticking out of it. 
9: Two surfers walking on a beach to the ocean.
9: A left hand holding a toasted cheese sandwich over take-out paper
9: Living room with a large window on one side of the room. 
9: A black and white colored cat sleeping on a bed spread.
9: a number of people in a room with a person playing nintendo wii
9: A woman is tying her shoe on the bench
9: Donuts in a window with a with a sign for blueberry donuts for sale.
9: a number of items with a cell phone and a pen
9: Skier in red jacket kicking up snow while jumping. 
9: Scrum of men playing some kind of frisbee-based game on a sports field.
9: A cat is sitting in a recliner chair.
9: Two skiiers sitting down by a rock in the snow. 
9: A little boy is sleeping in bed with some teddy bears. 
9: A couple of young adults with a body board at the beach.
9: A young man performs a skateboard trick on a rail in a skate park.
9: A GROUP OF SHEEP WITH MOST OF THEM IN INDIVIDUAL CAGES 
9: A bird sits atop a wooden post and watches its surroundings
9: A man leans back as he starts to fall off his surfboard
9: The cat is perched on the edge of the bed.
9: Skier in colorful jacket falling vertically at tree level.
9: The sun is brightly shining on an intersection and a plane flies in the background.
9:  Two wild zebra eating grass in a safari  .
9: Five sheep resting in meadow near fence-enclosed tree.
9: this is a whale balloon in a parking lot
9: Zebras munch on feed in a brick and stucco structure.
9: Two women sitting on a bench with one smoking a cigarette.
9: A woman that is sitting in front of a plate with a fork.
9: People walking on sidewalk with yellow fire hydrant nearby
9: A corner bathtub in a very clean bathroom.
9: A large red detour sign by the road with city lights at night in background.
9: A piece of cake is on a plate with a fork near a bottle of cola.
9: A deep soaking tub in the corner of a bathroom
9: a man sitting and using a laptop on a table
9: an image of a stuffed teddy bear behind a rock
9: Many ducks sit in a group on the grass. 
9: This man looks pleased with the food he has been eating.
9: Colored tape being laid in a pattern on a floor.
9: The jet plane is getting ready for take off.
9: A shot of a bus and several people walking down a busy street.
9: A black cat with an aluminum foil hat on it
9: Luggage and a sack are sitting by a pole at the train station 
9: Several people sitting at a table with cell phones in their hands. 
9: A farm stand selling apple cider and apples.
9: A black, white and tan bird sitting on a limb.
9: A small child sitting on a couch with two stuffed animals
9: A lush green hillside with animals grazing on top of it.
9: A fountain bubbles in the plaza of an outdoor cafe.
9: a person on motorcycle with a united states flag parked on a street
9: Several young people preparing food from wicker baskets
9: A plate full of pizza with an empty plate beside it.
9: a double decker "harry potter" but on a sidewalk
9: Tire marks carve paths down a snow covered street.
9: A dog that is laying down wearing a hat.
9: A table is set for dinner, with food and dining plates.
9: A locomotive is pulled up to a shiny boarding area.
9: Man walking his dog on a walk way in the park.
9: open laptop screen with a cat's head peeking over it
9: A kitchen with a refrigerator, stove, dishwasher and toaster. 
9: A batter is taking a swing at a ball.
9: the clean bathroom is painted red and white.
9: a creepy prison cell with a small bed and nightstand
9: A person standing in front of  a building in a snowy mountain setting.
9: A person is flying a kite near some buildings.
9: A man jumping up into the air to catch a white frisbee.
9: many people at the bottom of a ski slope
9: Woman sitting on a bench with man standing next to her while group watches
9: A woman playing tennis on an indoor court.
9: a young man in a red shirt is playing tennis 
9: A cooked pizza with olives, onions, and peppers on a pizza stone.
9: A person sitting on a small boat in the water.
9: A bear walks down a trail in the forest.
9: A brown dog standing on a wooden bench near a lemon tree.
9: a man sitting back from his plate of food to take a picture of his meal with his phone
9: a tennis match is being played on a blue court 
9: A plane flies over the hills above a developed shoreline.
9: Several glasses of wine displayed on table indoors.
9: man on surf board riding a wave of green and white
9: A bike with a basket attached to it is parked.
9: An old wore out suitcase setting on a desk in room with pealing paint.
9: A baseball player is getting ready to hit a ball
9: An owl vase filled with a bunch of pink roses
9: A street filled with traffic in front of a traffic light.
9: A large bus driving down a open street
9: A baseball player getting ready to hit a ball at a professional game.
9: A group of people standing next to a table
9: A man smiling at the camera with a large case in front of him 
9: Two men are in a restaurant booth on the phone.
9: Guy raises his arm up as he tossed the tennis ball in the air to serve to the other side
9: A street sign has an angry bird face painted on it.
9: The little boy is brushing his teeth with a toothbrush.
9: A bunch of luggage that are on a conveyor belt.
9: horses stand around on a neighborhood street in front of a car
9: A person and surf board handling a wave.
9: Looking down at a bear that is sitting by a big rock.
9: A photo of a jetty and a body of water.
9: A red metro bus stopped beside a sidewalk in the city as traffic passes.
9: A slice of cake sitting on a plate with an open book in the background.
9: The side of a passenger rail train with a stripped door.
9: A man with a surf board in the middle of tall grass. 
9: A man riding on a skateboard up on to a ledge.
9: A ten with a large mattress inside of it on the ground.
9: Men attending a convention, eating at a standing table.
9: A bird flying over rocks near the water.
9: A man sits waiting on his decorated suitcase.
9: A broken flip phone sits, in two pieces, on the counter.
9: A group of people that are sitting at tables.
9: a red double decker bus going down the road with a lot of pedestrians on the side

9: Two zebras watched by a giraffe graze on green grass beneath a tree.
9: a tall clock tower with trees all around
9: a man in a suit holds on to his head 
9: Three men in dark suits standing in front of sign.
9: A group of people toss a disc around in the water.
9: A dog sleeping on its side on a couch.
9: a person jumping up to hit a tennis ball
9: An apple laptop on top of the bed.
9: A man's navy shirt front with a paid tie and a flag tie clip.
9: a person eating pizza while she is driving
9: aerial view of highway bridge crossing over water in a city 
9: some teddy bears wearing tshirts sitting together 
9: A close-up of a beer bottle as a vase with a flower in it.
9: A man riding a motorcycle with his dalmatian dog sitting on the back.
9: Two giraffes standing near tree in natural setting.
9: a boy is riding a bowl on a skateboard
9: boy wearing a helmet while playing a video game
9: A young child looks into the camera with wide eyes. 
9: a couple of people sit on a bench in front of some water 
9: A man riding a snowboard on top of snow covered ground.
9: Several cut up carrots boiling in a pot of water.
9: A pug dog looking back away from his reflection.
9: Two youth teams go after a soccer ball.
9: Snowboarders and skiers walk through the snow in their gear.
9: a small child standing on the carpet next to a chair
9: A bus with its doors open and passengers standing inside.
9: A couple of zebra's with a side view of them standing in a field.
9: A broccoli head with onions and potatoes by a wooden wall.
9: A man in a green suiit leaning over a laptop
9: Seven bunches of at least five bananas each.
9: A small table with a laptop and fancy tea service.
9: Rider leaning close to the ground on a motorcycle. 
9: A tabby cat sleeps beside a laptop on a blanket.
9: People ride their bikes through a busy city intersection.
9: A man on a bike and a man walking on the street.
9: A black dog sitting on a pet hammock in a lawn.
9: A batter awaiting a pitch in an organized baseball game.
9: a child and two men in a poverty stricken village
9: A woman is holding a crown of bananas on her head.
9: Two benches near the grass at night. 
9: a person riding skis on a snowy slope
9: a tower that will have a large clock at the top
9: A zebra with its mouth open and lip in the air.
9: a man that is standing under a big stop sign
9: A mirror stand with a chrome frame and a reflection of a door in it.
9: a bus parking on the side of the road behind a truck
9: The chocolate ganache has an almond placed at exact intervals so that an almond can top each slice of cake.
9: some people with blue shirts water and a blue board
9: A dog is lying next to a laptop computer.
9: Two zebras in the wild graze in a grassland scattered with low trees.
9: A man with crossed eyes holding a remote in his mouth
9: A pitcher full of tea sits in front of a microwave.
9: a lizard eating brussels sprouts, next to carrots. 
9: large trains are pulled into the train station
9: A pedestal sink and a toilet in a bathroom.
9: A group of people are posing in a boat in the water. 
9: A locomotive train is passing by a switch point. 
9: A girl is wearing padding while she is skateboarding. 
9: A boy riding waves on his surf board in the ocean. 
9: A man wearing a very nice suite is standing in a crowd of people.
9: An airplane is about to fly into the sky. 
9: A person riding a horse in an outdoor arena.
9: A women who is looking at her surfboard on a beach.
9: A skateboarder doing a trick at a skate park.
9: Two white plates filled with deep fried donuts.
9: A bathroom with toys and books for young children.  
9: a line of boats are docked some water a hill and buildings
9: A pottery vase holds a bunch of colorful flowers.
9: a gray black and white cat is sitting on a brown cabinet
9: Waffle fries and turkey, bacon, avocado and cheese tortilla wraps sitting on a plate.
9: a person holding a remote control on a desk
9: A dirty toilet with a toilet paper hanged on the wall
9: A woman opening a suitcase on the bed
9: A group of people standing around a table with a bunch of laptops.
9: A small teddy bear wearing a crown next to a drink.
9: A large bear walking around a zoo enclosure.
9: a marina filled with boats on the water
9: A woman has a sink right at the edge of her bed.
9: Various dishes and appliances are scattered on a kitchen counter. 
9: Two men are skateboarding at a skate park.
9: Person riding a horse along shore of a body of water.
9: A coated doughnut sitting on a beige plate.
9: THREE CHILDREN SITTING IN THE BLEACHERS EATING DONUTS
9: A red and silver train traveling down train tracks.
9: A person carrying an umbrella walking on a path next to water.
9: A view of a blue motorcycle parked inside a store.
9: Tennis player at the line looking up for the ball
9: A batter prepares to hit a baseball pitch.
9: A large bear standing in a grass field.
9: a guy that is sitting in a bus next to a road
9: A bridge in the distance with multiple different colored lights.
9: several giraffe sitting and standing in a fenced in area.
9: A blonde woman lying on a mattress showing cleavage.
9: The batter takes a big swing at the pitch
9: A cat sitting on a desk eating off a plate.
9: A parrot sitting in top of a tree with branches.
9: A kid with a tie on in a room.
9: some brown dirt and a red and white stop sign
9: Looking at a train approaching on the other track
9: A bathroom with two sinks, two mirrors, two lights, a mirror and drawers attached to each sink. 
9: A bedroom with wicker furniture and windows. 
9: two horses eating grass close to a barn
9: The outside of a church with a clock next to it.
9: We are looking through a door at a will with shelves.
9: A living room has a striped couch and loveseat.
9: One of these giraffe is taller than the other.
9: A black and brown dog wearing a hat and scarf.
9: A tv sticking out of the sand on the beach 
9: An abandoned area with a concrete bench and grass growing in the cracks.
9: a person on a motorcycle parked near a building
9: Large, air force airplanes sit on a runway while tourists look at them.
9: A brown bear laying on a stone area in the sun.
9: The person is brushing her teeth with a yellow toothbrush. 
9: A man on a surfboard riding a wave in the ocean
9: An old station wagon with a surfboard on top of it.
9: A traffic light is in front of a large building. 
9: A man is holding three used wine glasses. 
9: A dashboard view of a stop sing in a grassy area.
9: An empty bus has tartan seats, and a wooden floor.
9: A woman stands in front of the mirror to take a picture.
9: Some players in action in a baseball game.
9: A person does a trick on their snowboard on a mountain
9: A boat full of people is on a trailer with wheels.
9: The men are in uniform trying to hit the baseball. 
9: a small bathroom with green carpet and towel
9: A motorcycle standing on the edge of a paved road. 
9: A man that is sitting at a table.
9: a bunch of bikes are parked in a lot
9: A man holds onto a black device in the yard. 
9: A row of cars and trucks parallel parked at parking meters.
9: A sexy young woman laying on top of a bed.
9: a fire hydrant and some signs saying to keep of the grass 
9: A person is using a sail to pull themselves on a surfboard.
9: Three urinals next to each other in a bathroom.
9: A group of teens performing stunts at a skateboard park.
9: A man is on a cellphone next to a thick metal door.
9: A bathroom with a toilet, sink and bathtub/shower stall.
9: Dog displaying skills near disc in open grassy area.
9: A person with a shade of purple hair and wearing a dark dress shirt and necktie.
9: a bunch of food is stacked up in a bowl
9: A person in a black bowler hat and vest taking a selfie.
9: A bicycle being held by a bar on a train.
9: A blue and pink with purple train stopped at a train station.
9: two brown and white horses are standing in a green field
9: A hall way in someones house with two budda statues. 
9: There is a stop sign and someone has vandalized the one beside it.
9: A pile of luggage sitting up against a wall.
9: A high speed train pulls into a platform while people watch.
9: a dog sitting on a city side walk scratching itself
9: a baseball player at the plate swinging his bat
9: A photo from a cookbook describing how to prepare hot dogs stuffed with mashed potatoes. 
9: A dog running in the grass after a frisbee. 
9: A giraffe standing in a field next to a forest.
9: A man playing frisbee at the field near some trees
9: a very clean sink in a bathroom and  a towel
9: A piece of pizza is sitting on a plate with another slice.
9: A person swinging at a tennis ball on a court.
9: An open square with people walking, several restaurants and buildings. 
9: Two men in a large room holding remotes.
9: A full crosswalk in a city with people.
9: Table containing two plates with muffins and other assorted items.
9: a woman wrapping a parking meter with some designs
9: A tropical hotel room holds a bed with a white mosquito netting canopy.
9: Two children playing baseball in the Wii Sports video game.
9: A person in blue grabbing a sno0wboard in the air
9: A skate boarder takes flight on a high jump.
9: A woman is holding an umbrella on a rainy day.
9: A piece of chocolate brownie on a plate.
9: Three zebra are grazing on grass in the field
9: A small sink in a cabinet lies in a lavatory.
9: A wet dark road with a sign on a lamp post that says "TO 75".
9: A plane is flying through a clear sky
9: a couple of blue umbrellas that are over some people
9: Peacocks strut on top of some tables in a room.  
9: Men unload a truck full of bananas outside.
9: A small bar table and stools set up in the corner of a living room by windows
9: Some brown flower pod looking things are in a vase.
9: A double decker tour bus with the logo "SBS Transit". 
9: An individual reaching for a bowl of various vegetables.
9: One lady is holding a birthday cake while another blows out the candles.
9: A plate on the table features a whole pizza.
9: A man holding a glass speaking to someone
9: A person sitting a the couch in a living room. 
9: A plate of steak, broccoli and french fries.
9: Two knives placed  on a dining table
9: A backpack rests in a chair next to a bed in a motel room.
9: A view of a bunch of urinals with stickers above them.
9: A man swinging at the ball on a tennis court.
9: A very tall clock tower sitting in the middle of a field.
9: A warehouse with a refrigerator, oven and a desk.  
9: Man on a houseboat floating in a small pond.
9: Box full of many different types of donuts.
9: A black and white portrait of a man in a suit.
9: a man sits on a bench with a back pack 
9: The student is trying to relax on the floor.
9: A young man in a suit and tie with a beer in his hand.
9: A dog laying on a leather sofa in a living room.
9: A woman in plain dress and cap standing on the beach by the shore.
9: A man putting something in his pinstripe jacket by knives.
9: a dog laying down on a bag and pillow 
9: A woman standing next to a cake shaped like a dog.
9: A couple of giraffes are lined up by a fence.
9: The woman is enjoying ner time at the keyboard.
9: Two people sitting at a table eating.  
9: A woman is in the bathroom, wearing black, and holding a toothbrush.
9: A double length bus is stuck in traffic
9: a yellow bus and a white bus on a empty road
9: A very long and bright colored city bus on the street.
9: A person looks through a cooler near a banquet table.
9: The cat is yawning while laying on top of a chair.
9: A pile of garbage sits on snow while crowds of people are on the sidewalk.
9: A man riding a skateboard down a sidewalk.
9: this clear vase has many pink flowers in it
9: A vintage picture of a street in a city with lots of traffic.
9: People are skiing around outside in a snowy area with trees.
9: Thin slices of cake are on small paper plates.
9: A woman looks away from a pizza at a restaurant.
9: Person reaching into a basket filled with doughnuts. 
9: a pair of men with eye glasses and hats riding motorcycles
9: A hotel room desk next to a dresser and a tv set. 
9: Two policemen riding horses down a city street.
9: A bacon wraped hotdog with onion on it.
9: There is a boat on the water in the park. 
9: A woman on skies standing on a hillside.
9: a close up of a small boat in a body of water 
9: A closeup of fruit on a table 
9: The only way to teavel down this street is on a scooter
9: A picture taken with a fish bowl lens
9: A bright green frog on a bright green plant.
9: An old man sitting on a bench overlooking a lake.
9: a person sitting on the floor covered in white dust
9: a couple of people that are standing in some sand with surfboards
9: clos up of a street sign with  building background
9: A small bird sitting on a thin tree branch.
9: A stop sign with words written on it with a black marker.
9: Two young boys in a black and white picture are playing baseball.
9: Family poses in front of their house with horses next to them. 
9: A girl is flying a kite on a clear day.
9: a blue bus parked on the side of a road
9: The duck is swimming toward the moss covered rock.
9: A brown horse grazing in a field near water.
9: A herd of cattle grazing on top of a grass covered field.
9: A group of cows walking on a beach and people and a boat in the water.
9: A decorative building with a clock on the front.
9: This young man with tousled hair and goatee is sitting in an office in his shirt and tie.
9: Man, cat, and dog on couch inside at corner of room with windows.
9: Two men in a restaurant sit by a half-empty pizza box.
9: A truck is shown with another car in the back of it.
9: a close up of a pillow leaning against a wall
9: A welcome mat and a yellow vase outside apartment 407.
9: A man is sorting his fruit at a fruit stand.
9: Big Ben is next door to an apartment building. 
9: A woman smiling next to two boxes of donuts.
9: A young girl holding a kite string at a park.
9: A wooden bench sitting on top of a pier.
9: A young person riding a skateboard about to preform a trick.
9: A dog that is sitting on top of a bed.
9: The people were all out on the water with sails on their surfboards.
9: This is a kind of weird and fun candy.
9: A woman is drinking a beer in the kitchen.
9: A person with a dog in his jacket holding a skateboard.
9: A man in black shirt and bandana playing tennis.
9: Two surfers-are in the Ocean one stands and look's at his board
9: A elephant walking away from a watering hole in a zoo enclosure.
9: A skateboarder reaches the top of a skating ramp.
9: A man holds a small animal in front of a camera.
9: Two women with tennis rackets and balls are standing.
9: Green and white racket sitting on top of black boots. 
9: A little boy holds up his umbrella while standing on the cobblestone walkway.
9: A teddy bear wearing a blue sweatshirt sitting on a bed.
9: A bird that is sitting in a tree.
9: A large long train on a steel track.
9: Two cats play with a colorful small blue toy.
9: A motorcycle parked among a group of motorcycles
9: A young girl in a princess costume and an umbrella. 
9: Cars parked near a picnic area with a couple of flags.
9: A black and white picture of a man sitting on a bike. 
9: A person using cross country skis pulling a bundle behind them.
9: The child is waiting for his parents to come in.
9: A black train passing on a bridge over water.
9: A pizza with red peppers, olives, onions, and cheese. 
9: A car that is sitting in front of a stop sign.
9: A motorcycle riding on the side of a car on the road.
9: Various fruits and vegetables are on the table.
9: a plate with some meat and vegetable on top of it 
9: Adults with bikes crowd downtown sidewalk outside of local business.
9: Two lambs eating hay from ground of a field
9: A family den with a Christmas tree in the corner of the room.
9: Man with gauges holding board over his head
9: A fire truck is parked outside of a red tall building.
9: Cars are stopped at a stoplight as a train passes. 
9: A black and white cat reaching for a cup.
9: The modern looking chairs and pictures are in the room.
9: a computer monitor and keyboard on a desk
9: An old photograph shows three older baseball players.
9: Plates are on a table with sandwiches on them.
9: Two birthday cakes are setting on a table.
9: A woman and two men posing for a picture.
9: A view of a bunch of different kids of green vegetables.
9: A skier in mid air jumping a ramp in the snow.
9: A handle detached from a stainless steel refrigerator.
9: An old man dressed in black on his phone.
9: A plane is straight up into the sky.
9: This man is playing tennis without a shirt.
9: A living room with a boy sitting on a couch watching t.v.
9: A man wearing glasses pouring something into a cup being held by a blonde   woman. 
9: there giraffes in a penned area standing outside
9: A black cat sits on a small pink laptop next to a DVD.
9: A young man holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.
9: A girl taking a selfie of herself and her dog.
9: A man riding his bike of rock cliffs.
9: An elephant is walking through dry grass by some trees.
9: A clean bathroom with mirrors, sinks, and a toilet.
9: A hard suitcase and blue back with airline tags sit on a rug.
9: A dog carrying a bag on its back and wearing shoes.
9: a heard of sheep are eating some hay
9: This plate has asparagus and other vegetables on it
9: A small private plane flies in the bright blue sky.
9: A fishing boat moving through the water of a harbor.
9: Two zebras grazing in the grass beside a large tree root
9: A giraffe stands next to a very tall trimmed tree
9: Four people are standing in the snow with ski equipment.  
9: A double exposure of a man sitting in a chair in a dimly lit room.
9: This kitchen table has fruits and vegetables on it
9: two arms typing on a laptop and one hand on a mouse
9: She is graceful on the skateboard, opening her posture to the sun with its flare in the beautiful snapshot.
9: THIS IS A PHOTO LOOKING DOWN ON A TOILET
9: A man with glasses holding a baby in a white outfit.
9: A delta flight lifting taking off into the sky.
9: A young man sits on the edge of his seat as he plays a video game.
9: A backcountry skier uses an ice axe to ascend a slope.
9: A group of tug boats sitting at a dock with a walkway to a building.
9: Person on a surfboard in the water with a boat in the background. 
9: A crowd of people underneath kites flying in the sky.
9: people walking by a beach area carrying surfboards
9: A man eating two hot dogs at the same time.
9: A man on a motorcycle with a huge teddy bear riding with him.
9: Men are standing on boats in the river.
9: A grey hummingbird by fence and tree branches.
9: This is a cut up apple, a knife, and a whole apple.
9: Historic buildings cover an area with architectural elements alongside the street.
9: Two horses near a wooden fence, behind them is a field of tall grass.
9: red and white train traveling on a train track
9: A man who is wearing an orange and red tie.
9: A single horse trotting around in a field.
9: Three adult giraffes standing in a zoo enclosure.
9: A brown horse standing next to a dog on a field.
9: a person driving at night with headlights glaring on the windshield 
9: A blue street sign that reads Prof. Verbernelaan.
9: A group of motorcycles drive down a city street.
9: Two girls riding on bodyboards in the water.
9: A bird with red eyes and claws is perched on a branch. 
9: A stop sign that is standing in the grass.
9: An old train has the number seventy one on the front.
9: Two beds sitting next to each other in a room.
9: A thick sandwich on a plate with a fork and a pickle.
9: A large mirror reflecting a bathroom sing counter.
9: Man in rainbow colored smock holding a pink umbrella.
9: Individual is doing something at the moment that is intriguing.
9: some snow skiers snow and a tower and mountain
9: A purple bathtub that i s near a purple toilet.
9: Two children are playing on a fire hydrant.
9: Girl tennis player standing with racquet in hand.
9: A small colorful train going around its course.
9: Sleeve of saltines near a bottle of water and a tv remote. 
9: A pizza is topped with fine cheese and backed in a oven
9: A little girl in pink has her face painted as a pink mask and holds a pink Carebear.
9: Two brown bears are playing in the water.
9: A bear comes out of the woods towards the road.
9: A herd of bison stroll by the snow covered banks of a stream.
9: Blue mile marker sign advertising two locations in two languages. 
9: A woman sitting at a table with a pink and white cake.
9: A flamingo shaped kite flying over the ocean.
9: A small airplane underneath a large airplane with people near them.
9: the boy has his head placed near his meal
9: thre zebras walking near one another on a dirt ground
9: a man is flying over some steps on a skateboard
9: Slice of dessert item on monogrammed small plate.
9: A baseball player at bat and swinging the bat with other players behind him in the dugout.
9: A man performing a trick on a rail while skiing.
9: A black and white sign on a black wall.
9: An airplane flying in the air with a cloudless sky.
9: omg  a drinking fountain installed on a toilet
9: A baseball player holds his bat high before a pitch.
9: A man that is on a board in the water.
9: There is green vegetable chopped up on a table
9: A bicycle and a motor cycle parked on a narrow footpath
9: A man is jumping on a skateboard in a park.
9: A large cat lies on top of a washing machine.
9: A well-dressed man and woman hold a knife and cut a cake. 
9: Different types of fruits out on display in the market.
9: a woman holding a cell phone up to her ear in a crowd of people
9: A clock on a desk up against a wall.
9: A street sign indicates the flow of traffic in this historical district. 
9: A slice of cake on top of a square plate.
9: A woman is crouching down ready to hit something
9: A yellow truck with a giant tire hanging off of it's back.
9: A plate of meat, rice, and vegetables is on the table.
9: Stuffed bear holding up a hand decorated Happy Birthday banner.
9: a man standing on his skateboard in the middle of the street
9: A few people are walking along a pathway in a park area.
9: Livestock in a pen as part of a petting zoo.
9: a large vase on a table with flowers in it
9: A horse touching another horse nose to nose.  
9: Several zebras feeding on hay in a gated enclosure
9: a person sitting on a bench near a body of water
9: A crowd of people standing around a table with pizza on it.
9: There is a clock on the side of a clock tower
9: some people are sitting out by the water
9: A Zebra grazing on practically barren ground searches for food.
9: A child bending down on skies in the snow.
9: Two kitchen workers make preparations to a meal.
9: A bare kitchen is outfitted with light wood and white furniture. 
9: Dad poses for picture with his little boy while they're both wearing dressed shirt and ties.
9: A bike parked next to a bed in bedroom.
9: A yellow school bus parked at the end of a street.
9: The bathroom is clean and ready for us to use. 
9: A bathroom decor is in shades of browns.
9: A stop sign with trees and tree branches close to it. 
9: It's a bathroom with a glass walked shower and folded towels on the sink. 
9: Two children smile as they sit on the bed playing video games.
9: A beautiful clock tower rises high about the water fountains in the plaza.
9: A flock of sea birds lines the ground along a rocky shoreline.
9: Three kids posing for a picture with frisbees.
9: A corner of a kitchen with shiny white cabinets.
9: a train car with some graffit all over the side of it 
9: this is a black dog walking in the grass
9: an image of kids on skateboards doing tricks
9: Two young elephants facing eachother in a puddle of mud.
9: a red double decker bus that is in the middle of the road
9: A grey plane flying in clear blue skies.
9: A compartment that holds a fire hydrant hose.
9: A young man holding a baseball bat during a baseball game.
9: A television displays the upcoming show to be recorded on the dvr.
9: Wood and metal bench in grassy area beside busy street.
9: A woman swinging a racket at s tennis ball. 
9: A clock with a light in a clock tower at dusk.
9: A bird flies close over the water waves.
9: A catcher going after a ball at a baseball game 
9: a group of people playing frisbee in a field
9: He is getting ready to serve the ball in a game of tennis.
9: A mass transit bus parked on the side of the road.
9: An orange colored living room with two chairs and a small television.
9: A white vase with several ecru, white, and red flowers is sitting on a wooden piece of furniture near a white curtain.
9: Man standing on stairway in forest brushing his teeth.
9: string beans and carrots cooked together, rice with a piece of fish and a slice of lemon
9: a bell tower with a clock face on it
9: The surfer is enjoying the thrill of the high waves.
9: A multistory city building with a garage door
9: A couple of zebras are grazing next to some trees.
9: A woman is at a dining table with a pizza.
9: there are many tables and umbrellas outside this restaurant 
9: a silver fridge is open with a bunch of food inside 
9: Three people in ski gear are riding in the ski lift.  
9: Modern kitchen with counter and cabinet and hardwood floors.
9: A woman holding a tennis racquet in her right hand.
9: A cutting board with chopped scallions and broccoli on it
9: a group of people on a beach flying a kite 
9: The workers are getting the bananas ready for sale.
9: A bunch of items that are sitting on a tray.
9: a collage with nine fire hydrants of different color combinations
9: A man with a baseball bat that is standing near a plate.
9: A nice bamboo plant with some other greenery.
9: A plate of food that includes broccoli, noodles and bread crumbs.
9: Men riding the ski lift down a slope 
9: A young boy with short hair playing Wii and smiling.
9: A man sitting on a white bench atop a tennis court.
9: Luggage all packed up in a room, as if for a move.
9: A woman walking a dog through the woods.
9: A various items such clocks and kitchen appliances are advertized. 
9: there are two green small boats in the woods
9: A nicely dressed young man with a flower on his lapel fits a glass into his mouth.
9: A woman working with a pair of scissors as she makes cigars.
9: A street vendor displays items for sale on the sidewalk.
9: a couple of buses drive next to each other 
9: Dog laying on a bed in a room with a hardwood floor.
9: A woman and child are in the kitchen eating food.
9: A small jar with a persons name on it
9: The giraffes look like they may be having a conversation.
9: One person flies a kite near a crowded sidewalk.
9: Several motorcycles sitting parked on the side of the road near people.
9: Two people on surfboards padding into the water. 
9: There are cars moving down an empty street.
9: A girl sitting on a bed with her head up.
9: An older woman preparing cookies and bread at a table.
9: A herd of sheep standing on top of a snow covered field.
9: a couple of red stop lights are over a street
9: A juicer attached to the top of a bike.
9: Rows of identical planes wait at an airport.
9: A person with a snow board high in the air.
9: The kites are all flying up in the air outside.
9: A row of 5 toilets, the last 2 are at different height than the first 3.  
9: a frosted donut with a bite out of it
9: a person riding a snow board on the ground 
9: An animal print hat sits on top of a hydrant.
9: A white toilet laying on it's side in a field.
9: A boy at a table with milk and a dessert.
9: The number one train is on the tracks.
9: an image of a plate of food with meat and veggies
9: A giant pizza in front of a woman sitting at a booth.
9: The man is practicing his moves on his skateboard.
9: Black dog sitting in front of a television in a living room. 
9: A clean, organized kitchen filled with kitchen furniture and accessories.
9: a group of people sitting on a couch playing a video game
9: a red and yellow train at a platform
9: An empty sidewalk next to some buildings in a town.
9: An elegant looking washroom with unique basins and a patterned tile.
9: Shirtless man pushing his bike on a city street. 
9: A large white clock tower sticking out of the top of a building.
9: A snowboarder doing a trick after a jump.
9: A poster of a bald man in a room with a desktop computer.
9: A man wearing a cowboy hat rides a horse on a path.
9: a stop sign in front of a busy city street
9: A bed, desk and various installations in a room.
9: a surfer in a wet suit holding his surf board
9: A snowboarder is on the ground and laughing in the snow.
9: A man riding a surfboard near a large metal bridge.
9: A tennis racket is sitting in the middle of a tennis field. 
9: Colorful cartoon cars are on a backboard while fans in orange are in the stands as a baseball player in white stretches out his arm.
9: Some players in action on the soccer field.
9: A bronze statue of two swans and a clock on the face of a building in the background
9: The cluttered but organized room has a computer on an antique desk.  
9: A passenger plane that belongs to American Airlines taking off.
9: A boy is throwing a frisbee outside a building.
9: A passenger train is on the train track.
9: A bunch of motorcycles line up near trees.
9: A set of twins who are taking a bath.
9: A vegetable vendor organizing his food for sale
9: Slideshow pictures of two cats playing and cuddling.
9: A large teddy bear sits in front of the store.
9: a number of people riding horses on a beach
9: The horse is jumping over the poles outside.
9: A little boy playing with a truck on a skateboard.
9: Several mopeds of the same style and color parked near a curb.
9: a person taking a bite out of a sandwich
9: The coconut doughnut that they are holding has been bitten. 
9: bus idling at bus stop with cityscape in the background
9: Two teenagers are close together with a toothbrush.
9: a white steeple near the roof of a neighboring building.
9: The city bus is traveling down the road.
9: A blue bus makes its way down a narrow city street.
9: Two skateboarders going fast down an empty road.
9: A Christmas wreath covered in red bows fastened to a door.
9: there is a person riding a skateboard up a ramp
9: Two women with umbrellas meeting in the mosaic tiled room of a palace.
9: A young man on a skate board in a pedestrian overpass.
9: A couple of plates of food that is on a table.
9: There are some eggs,doughnuts and two drinks displayed on some white paper or cloth.
9: Lovely hand-made pots line the stone sill of a window.
9: A banana and honey sandwich in a clear container.
9: A single piece of pizza is seen on a plate.
9: A fire hydrant that is painted yellow and blue.
9: a raft full of people makes its way through some wavy water 
9: Surfer riding large breaking wave near beach at ocean.
9: Children reach over a short barrier to pet small sheep. 
9: Traditional narrow boats on a river with fruit and people.  
9: Cars are traveling on the road beneath street signs.
9: Dog wearing outfit stands on small motorcycle at indoor event.
9: A man with a tennis racket getting ready to swing.
9: Two photo of two tennis players in the middle of a serve.
9: Two pedestrians with plaid umbrellas stand on a sidewalk
9: a lady reading a book sitting on a bench
9: A cake sitting on top of a table next to a candle.
9: Four trash receptacles hung in a row on a wall.
9: A bowl of food with a bunch of vegetables in it.
9: Three men and a woman stand around a pizza on a table.
9: A set of 3 scissors laid out on a carpeted table.
9: A group of people in a chruch viewing some books and congregating.
9: A girl pins a bouttoniere on the lapel of her date.
9: Pigeons gather to eat pizza on the sidewalk.
9: A kite in the sky above the sand.
9: A plate with two slices of pizza on a table with another plate and glass.
9: Two cows with yellow tagged ears, one with horns, are standing in a field.
9: Several people seated around a table of food and drink eating and looking the camera.
9: A large flower that is placed in a vase.
9: A man riding skis on top of a snow covered slope.
9: A child has a baseball helmet and a bat.
9: A laptop computer is sitting in a piece of luggage.
9: THERE IS A TRAIN COMING DOWN ON THE TRACKS 
9: Food on plates along with cups of coffee sitting on a table.
9: A police officer sitting on top of a horse. 
9: A small kitten is walking along the edge of a laptop.
9: A cat sitting in a chair staring at a plate on a table.
9: A man drinking a cup of coffee. 
9: A white refrigerator with a bed in the background.  
9: A person feeding two giraffes behind a fence.
9: A river and boats seen from atop a bridge.
9: an image of a group of people in the woods playing with frisbee
9: a person with a backpack skiing by some trees 
9: A bed sits in a room with a whole wall as a mirror. 
9: A man is standing with a surfboard at the beach
9: A coach speaks to a pitcher and catcher.
9: A buffet table is spread with delicacies for a celebration.
9: A blurry old photo of people standing near a cement mixer truck.
9: VEGETABLE PIZZA AS BIG AS THE TABLE IT SITS ON
9: A lady sits in a restaurant with a plate of food in front of her.
9: A man playing tennis on a red coat in all white.
9: A couple of birds that are walking on some sand.
9: A few people on motor scooters riding down a street.
9: People with laptops on their laps sitting in a line against a wall.
9: Blurry picture of people in an airport near baggage claim.
9: A man with a bat stands at a base.
9: Three zebras standing with their faces close to each other.
9: Toilet with lid open in stall and white tiled floor
9: Chocolate donuts with sprinkles and a boy about to eat one or more.
9: Two slices of cake sitting on top of a white plate.
9: a picture frame on a desk next to some flowers
9: A woman sitting in a car with a laptop on her legs.
9: two females are holding jelly donuts with a bite taken out 
9: The blue team and the green team playing soccer in an indoor gym.
9: A group of people that are sitting around tables.
9: The soccer players are competing for control of the ball.
9: A herd of large wholly sheep walk near a beach.
9: A group of young bicyclists on a city street at night.
9: a group of women pose in front of a truck 
9: Two young people playing a game on a video game console.
9: A black and white cat eating from a ceramic bowl.
9: A man leaning forward to throw a frisbee on a beach.
9: Modern bathroom with stone sink area and tiled walls.
9: The bathroom has tile floors and a nice counter and sink.
9: A huge cargo ship sits empty in a bay reflecting blue skies.
9: A man riding a horse drown carriage driving across a field.
9: a weird looking white cow with a dog standing on a brick wall
9: A crude latrine with a stone sink and toilet seat area. 
9: A white plate of steamed broccoli and noodles
9: a skier in a green shirt is coming down a mountain
9: A plate that has a sandwich and bowl of soup on it.
9: A black and white dog sitting next to a yellow fire hydrant.
9: The kitchen is furnished with a kitchen counter, a refrigerator, a oven and a shelf.
9: a couple of elephants that are walking in some grass
9: A black cat sleeps atop a remote control.
9: A dog standing on a bed with a harness on.
9: A woman looks with anticipation at a rack of donuts going through the glazer at a donut making facility. 
9: A bed with disheveled pillows and blankets in a bedroom.
9: A man in suit and tie walking with a group of people on the street.
9: A truck is waiting at a red light. 
9: A smiling man dressed in dark colored business attire.
9: A boy in black shirt and yellow pants riding skateboard
9: a close up of a cake on a table
9: A man laying down on one of two beds.
9: A cat sits on the corner edge of a bed.
9: A young woman standing in front of a laptop computer on a stove.
9: a bunch of cows are standing in a grassy field
9: A box that is filled with different kinds of doughnuts.
9: A zebra rolls around on its back in a field.
9: A plane soars hundreds of feet in the air.
9: A small boy cutting into his Star Wars themed birthday cake.
9: A white car parked by the side of the road with a bunch of cows around it
9: a little boy with a unopened toothbrush in his mouth
9: A woman is walking across a city street with her child in a stroller.
9: A ambulance and a fire truck on a highway.
9: A large vase is decorated with warriors and horses.
9: Two cross country skiers race as spectators watch.
9: Three young guys are playing the Wii together. 
9: A full view of two people celebrating their wedding day. 
9: Several signs are on a street post during the day.
9: a close up of a cat with watching water drain down a sink
9: A person posing for the camera while on their skis.
9: A group of baseball players salutes each other
9: A picture of the inside of a house with the door open. 
9: A man and woman are playing the wii in their living room.
9: A man holds a small boy and an orange Frisbee
9: a large air plane flying in the sky
9: a broccoli plant in the ground near other plant life
9: There are two vases of pretty flowers on a table.
9: A young child on a surfboard in a pool.
9: THIS IS A PHOTO OF A MAN ON A CART BEING PULLED BY TWO COWS
9: Group of a bunch of greens, broccoli, and carton of eggs.
9: A man does a trick on his skateboard.
9: a horse looking out of a wooden barns window
9: This aerial photograph shows a bus and vehicles on the road.
9: Several cats are taking a nap on a bed.
9: giraaffes tanding around a tree as people watching them 
9: A cat lying in the sun on a table.
9: Some very pretty horses on the beach with people.
9: Two hotdogs with different toppings on a plate.
9: Guy takes aselfie while holding up a hotdog
9: Two man in hard hats next to laptops.
9: A  street view of a bunch of bikes and an old moped.
9: A woman and man playing tennis on a field.
9: an overhead shot of a toilet in a narrow area
9: A bear walking across a stone wall near trees.
9: A whole pizza sliced and on a plate.
9: A man wheels a cart of banana bunches through the street.
9: A man inside an elevator holding a mobile device.
9: A umbrella that is behind a bench with a television on it.
9: A man riding a surfboard on a wave in the ocean.
9: a laptop sits on a table top with stickers on it 
9: A picture of some fruit in the dirt.
9: a couple of cats that are next to some bikes
9: A right turn sign turned upside down on a pole.
9: A cat is bent under a bathroom sink drinking from the faucet.
9: A couple of zebra standing on top of a dry grass field.
9: A man wearing a backpack is helping another man push a cart.
9: A kitchen island has cleaning products on it.
9: Ripe bananas are three pounds for a dollar.
9: a brown and white cat meditating in front of a glass vase containing a plant.
9: A window with a bench is under a staircase.
9: pizza an other food on a table at a restaurant
9: The players are playing a game of Frisbee on the grass. 
9: This simple living room has black furniture and a TV
9: neatly made bed with blue sheets in a pink room
9: a big giraffe eats some tree leafs 
9: Several boats are sitting idly in the water. 
9: Giraffes stand together in the grass in a field. 
9: a number of people riding motorcycles on a street
9: The women are dancing onstage with colorful outfits and parasols.
9: A hot dog and drink sit on a table.
9: a white boat is out on the water
9: A surfer is riding a big wave in the ocean. 
9: Two people standing close to each other while standing in a kitchen.
9: The young woman sits on the curb of the sidewalk 
9: A man standing in front of a street vendor, a woman behind the counter.
9: A stuffed bear sits on a log beside another log.
9: A bowl with cereal and bananas is on a cutting board with some orange slices.
9: A white sink and toilet in a room.
9: An old clock tower next to a modern glass building.
9: A man holding a horse, so a little boy can take a ride. 
9: A man intently reading something on his laptop computer
9: A baseball player on the field with a bat. 
9: A train going along a pair of train tracks.
9: A LARGE KITE LEANING AGAINST A TABLE WITH A MAN IN THE BACKGROUND 
9: A jet airliner waits its turn on the runway.
9: An elephant at the zoo reaches across the fence
9: A lady sitting at a kitchen table alone.
9: An old steam locomotive passing by a village.
9: A woman holding a child while flying a kite.
9: A bathroom with sink that has it's cabinet opened
9: a chinese pug dog standing up on hind legs to peer over table
9: A bowl filled with hot dogs next to a bowl of chili.
9: An ornate outdoor clock with streetlamps above and below it.
9: Some sheep are on a grassy hill side.
9: A clock is sitting below an American flag.
9: A green and silver motorcycle on display on a red carpet.
9: A modern hotel bathroom is shown in dim lighting.
9: A cat watches cars racing on a television.
9: A silver airplane that is on supports in a museum. 
9: A cat sleeping in a full, open suitcase.
9: A group of people in the water helping some elephants.
9: Two people pulling red suitcases behind them as they walk
9: TABLE WITH A PLATE OF FOOD A DRINK, CELL PHONE AND A COMPUTER
9: A boat stowed up on the beaches on sand.
9: A bouquet of roses in a juice jug on a bedside table.
9: A man wearing red skinning in the snow.
9: A person surfing under a wave in the ocean.
9: The woman takes a picture of her boyfriend getting dressed 
9: A large brown dog sitting on top of a bed.
9: A person putting an uncooked turkey into an oven.
9: a cat lays down on a travel bag
9: many small boats in a body of water near a building
9: Riders rest on a travel box beside a motorcycle that appears to be packed for a long trip.
9: a large airplane that is flying through the sky
9: Man plays tennis with tennis court fence and palm trees in the background.
9: a large bird flying across a valley with a lot of trees in it 
9: Soccer players wearing red and white uniforms on a field. 
9: Food is cooking inside of a microwave oven.
9: A herd of elephants crosses a dry ravine.
9: A woman standing at a counter in a room.
9: A street post with multiple signs of direction on it. 
9: A jet plane speeds down the runway at an airport.
9: A polar bear in the water playing with a giant disc.
9: An airplane flying in the air with a cloudless sky.
9: Elephant in hard paved enclosure, standing near water spray.
9: A person who is on their motorcycle in the air.
9: A small bathroom with two containers catching plumbing drips.
9: A large and small elephant in tall grass next to trees and bushes.
9: A city bus has passed a bus stop. 
9: A shaggy dog is at the beach with a frisbee.
9: a large black bear standing next to some rocks
9: Small girl eating apple with pink cupcake shirt on
9: A line of four zebras standing in the grass.
9: Four decorative mental tins holding up wooden plank as if it were a bench.
9: A couple of black bears snuggling each other.
9: Giraffes and other safari animals graze in a sunlit field.
9: Zebras and giraffes together in a zoo cage.
9: A fire truck parked in the middle of a huge crowd.
9: Young children enjoying cake on blue plates together.
9: A Christmas cake with penguins and trees on top.
9: Three people riding three horses waiting at an intersection to cross.
9: Vehicles parked along street with dome-topped building and arch in background.
9: A couple of large buses on a city street.
9: Passengers walking to a bus pulled up to a bus stop.
9: A large pizza sits on top of a stove. 
9: A home office area with a desk and chairs.
9: A snowboarder is upside down as he comes off a jump
9: A slice of Margherita-style pizza on a white plate
9: A red bus that is sitting in front of a building.
9: A fireplace mantel is decorated with candles, plants and flowers.
9: A Field Guide to the Birds of Australia
9: Three dogs on a leash with a wooden dog.
9: A sandwich with cheese, lettuce and a tomato.
9: A man on a surf board flying over wave.
9: A path of flowers on a median in the road.
9: A bowl filled with lots of apples and bananas.
9: A large bookshelf filled with many books inside of a sitting area underneath the staircase.
9: A PICTURE OF A NO WALKING SIGN ON THE STREET 
9: two people standing in a room playing nintendo wii
9: Decorated cake in rainbow colors congratulating a baby
9: A broken park bench in front of a tree trunk.
9: A dish on a blue plate contains carrots, onions, broccoli and rice.
9: A young man in a suit, tie and glasses is smiling
9: Two cats sitting on a sink in a bathroom
9: A living room with a black couch, wood floor and bookcase.
9: Split photo showing elephants in zoo like enclosures.
9: The people was looking at the balls and chair
9: The young boy is in the yard,  with his hand on his luggage, while adults focus on other things in the back ground
9: Zoo goers viewing two furry black animals. 
9: An engine is pulling train cars on the tracks.
9: an image of a man in the kitchen holding a cupcake
9: A pizza sitting on a table near a glass and a candle.
9: A baby wears sunglasses and holds a pink suitcase.
9: Three model horses on a table in front of a pegboard backdrop.
9: a rainbow colored table umbrella in a clear blue sky
9: Two men on skateboards hold poles as they are on a road.
9: a woman is riding a horse in a field
9: Ocean view of surfers waiting for a wave.
9: A baseball player taking a swing at a ball
9: A clock shop contains various models and designs.
9: A shirtless man holding a Nintendo Wii control above his head.
9: A kneeling adult instructing a child on how to ski.
9: A plate of food sitting on a table, it appears to be a salad.
9: A person walking past a bunch of red neck ties.
9: Red Double Decker commuter bus at curbside of bus stop.
9: A baseball player is getting ready to pitch the ball. 
9: Guy with beads around his neck holding a skateboard
9: a trey with some fruit inside of it 
9: a man that is standing around in a hate
9: A brown cow and a white car are in a pasture.
9: A table with various meets, breads and tomatoes on it.
9: People line up with their luggage to board the small jet.
9: The snow boarder is sitting in the snow on the hill. 
9: A girl looking at a white miniature horse in a green yard
9: A pizza is center loaded with toppings and cheese.
9: Cars are parked in a lot in front of a large building. 
9: A vase filled with lots of colorful flowers.
9: A display in a store filled with broccoli and green leaf.
9: A wildly painted utility truck sits in a gravel parking lot
9: A white toilet in a small tile walled bathroom
9: An art installation of many toothbrushes against a wall
9: One man is on skis and another man is behind him as they stand in the snow near a pond as a group of onlookers stand off to the side.
9: A cat is standing on a red tile floor
9: a skateboarder is wearing a blue shirt and doing a trick
9: there is a small plane that is flying in the sky
9: A chair and a blue umbrella are attached to a wheel.
9: Two zebras walking in a line on the dirt road
9: A cat is sleeping in a window sill. 
9: A boy going up a ramp on his skateboard. 
9: A group of people swim in shallow ocean waters.
9: A female diner showing her plates of pizza.
9: A couple of elephants walking next to each other.
9: A man jumping on his surfboard in a parking lot. 
9: A man wiping out on a blue snowboard.
9: A bedroom with an almost empty bookshelf and desk
9: A traffic signal on the pole directs traffic
9: there is a man playing tennis on the court
9: A girl is hitting a tennis ball that was served to her. 
9: The dog is resting on the floor in the living room.
9: A group of snowboarders are snowboarding down a hill.
9: there is a urinal next to a dispenser
9: A man with a small brown stuffed animal on his shoulder.
9: A woman looking with shock as a cat eats a pizza.
9: Three motorcycle policeman driving on a sidewalk with pedestrians.
9: A fireman is on top of the truck ladder
9: A view if a pleasant downtown sidewalk with an old fashioned clock and street lights
9: Two men in a grassy field playing with a frisbee.
9: Multiple views of graffiti underneath a sign on a brick wall.
9: The child takes a bite of food beside a cup with liquid in it.
9: A man standing in a soccer goals preparing to stop a ball.
9: A small private jet idles on a runway in front of trees.
9: A small bathroom has a white tub, sink and toilet with a wooden lid.
9: The bathroom glows with golden pain and color.
9: This hotel bathroom consists of a toilet, sink, a shower/tub, and towel rack with towels on the shower wall.
9: a busy train station full of trains and metal railings 
9: A bright yellow sign that warns of it's sharp edges.
9: People looking at a motorcycle that is on display. 

9: a bowl of soup a steak some broccoli bread and a baked potato  
9: A man running to catch a frisbee from mid air
9: A man on a snowboard giving a thumbs up to the camera.
9: A jetliner sitting on top of an airport runway.
9: A table with a laptop, phone and other electronics on it 
9: The man is playing a video game in his living room.
9: A glass of milk, a banana and a spoon filled with peanut butter.
9: two little giraffes standing by a bigger one 
9: A table full of cakes on glass and ceramic platters
9: A dainty girl's bedroom with floral wall paper.
9: Flat top oven near tea pot on counter.
9: Fresh produce is arranged and displayed on a table.
9: The black terrier stands about knee high to the group of people near him.
9: A personal pizza, grapes, and a beverage sit on a tray table.
9: Some sheep in the middle of a field with some trees in it.
9: a large air plane on a run way
9: a kitchen under the stairs with a person in it
9: There is a table set with stuffed animals
9: Sheep and rams in the middle of a field eating grass
9: a couple of buses that are out front of a building
9: A covered boat that is in the middle of a field.
9: Two stuffed animals sit on a table. 
9: Woman in a bikini plays with her dog in the surf.
9: A baseball player throwing a baseball while people watch from the stands.
9: a bowl filled with different kinds of vegetables. 
9: This white bowl has several pieces of fruit in it.
9: A short and stumpy zebra in it's natural habitat.
9: A man is surfing on a moderately big wave in the ocean
9: A microwave with a potted plant next to an elephant statue.
9: a mirror a sink a towel rack and some drawers
9: A man kicking up snow while he is skiing.
9: A herd of zebras and two giraffes in a field. 
9: A woman standing beside a statue of a zebra in front of a building.
9: Group of people posing for a photo next to a valley.
9: A person that is in a boat in the water.
9: a jockey riding a horse down a track with people watching
9: A living room with furniture, area rug and a fireplace.
9: A room with a fireplace, couch and chair.
9: Two people eating off a platter of food. 
9: A man riding a bike past a train traveling along tracks.
9: A car approaching a zebra standing in the middle of a dirt road.
9: A man with a surf board and wetsuit near water.
9: Children playing soccer on a field with parents watching.
9: A man poses for a picture while on his motorcycle.
9: Two cows in a pen eat hay on a farm.
9: A close-up photo of uncooked pizza on a cutting board.
9: A black dog eating a pile of toilet paper.
9: a young man is playing a game of tennis
9: Two airplanes fly beneath the bright sun in a blue sky.
9: A man cutting off his tongue with scissors.
9: a man is on a snowboard above his bed 
9: Two suitcases on a bed filled with different items.
9: A plate of food that has an open faced sandwich on it.
9: A hot dog next to a drink and another meal
9: A street pole that has a street name sign, a one way street sign and a map sign on it.
9: Whole peeled and cut oranges in bowls on top of a kitchen counter.
9: two people on top of grassy area flying a red kite near a city.
9: A man is inside the back of a moving truck.
9: Blue foam that is sitting inside of a blue toilet.
9: Half pepperoni cheese pizza on the pan with a slicer. 
9: Group of people looking at an airplane through a metal fence. 
9: a couple of kids are kicking a ball in a field
9: Three cows are standing in the grass outside.
9: an orange is held in front of a christmas tree
9: A woman in a jacket holds food up.
9: An old man is reading a book in the room.
9: A man next to a woman and holding a cell phone.
9: Two groups of surfers walk side by side on their way to the ocean.
9: A clock on a building next to a building with a "Bart" logo.
9: A street is lined with people and buildings.
9: A woman is taking a picture of herself.
9: a man sitting in a chair on a tiled floor next to a heater
9: a chair with some kind of stuffed animal on it
9: One young man watches another perform skateboard tricks.
9: A man drives an old motorcycle with children in the side car.
9: A young man on a skateboard grinds down a railing.
9: A man wearing a bright orange robe holding an umbrella.
9: The tennis player is returning a difficult serve.
9: The hotel room had beds, a television and a dining table and chairs.
9: Yellow school bus designed to allow people to sit above and on it. 
9: A police escort leading the way as several circus elephants travel along the street.
9: A cake in a pan sitting on the rack of an oven.
9: A very old train parked at a station in a black and white photo.
9: A giraffe lowering its head eating grass off the ground.
9: THIS IS A PHOTO OF A DESERT PLATE FOR TWO
9: The cat is looking around the bicycle at the bird.
9: A person wearing a helmet riding a bicycle by the water.
9: The cows are standing in a herd in the field.
9: A double decker yellow bus is on a city street.
9: A man in a yellow shirt wearing glasses.
9: two uncooked pizzas covered in toppings sit in baking trays 
9: two women with tennis rackets are posing for a picture
9: A parking lot scene with cars and motorcycles.
9: Bird sitting on top a chain link fence. 
9: A man wearing a white striped shirt and tie.
9: A woman with a tennis racquet that is on a tennis court.
9: A person on skis on the side of a mountain slope.
9: A large white plate of food on a table.
9: The large cow is grazing on the grassy field.
9: two people on a ,motorcycle stop at a stop sign
9: A plate of food and a cup on a counter.
9: A pretty woman driving a truck with a smart phone sitting next to her.
9: there is a man standing and playing a video game
9: A young man with ski goggles talking on a cell phone on a snowy day.
9: a bunch of carrots and other vegetables in a box
9: A girl is taking a bite out of a sandwich.
9: A little girl brushing her teeth with a tooth brush.
9: Several children are riding an elephant at the circus.
9: Someone is offering a carrot to a donkey.
9: An old bicycle sits outside the window of a building.
9: A group of guys that are skateboarding together.
9: an elephant has face paint and a carriage on its back
9: a black teddy bear made to look like its looking over a balcony
9: The corner of a room painted half red and half blue with a clock and window appears upside down with a white ceiling-like floor complete with chandelier.
9: Black computer monitor sitting on top of a black computer desk. 
9: A person is talking on a phone next to a wall.
9: A cat drinking water from a bathroom faucet.
9: A large brown bear is standing very close to a fence.
9: Vehicles parked under an overpass near a train and boat.
9: A tennis player hits a tennis ball during a match.
9: A busy city with cars lined up on the road.
9: Baseball players and an umpire participating in a baseball game.
9: A dining room that has a table and chairs.
9: A clock on a building has dots for the numbers.
9: A young child riding on a surfboard in the water
9: Some very attractive woman with umbrellas in front of a crowd of people.
9: A bunch of small birds and rodents in a small box with straw in it.
9: This is a living room with a couch, a coffee table, and a floor fan. 
9: Girl on a bike and a man in the background crouched
9: A train going into a tunnel beside the beach.
9: A tower holds a clock above a city street
9: A crowd of people standing around the inside of a restaurant.
9: A street sign announces the location of a speed table. 
9: A floor lamp turned on in a dark room.
9: Obama giving a speech for a large audience recording on their cellphones.
9: A yummy looking pizza with onions on top and a fork and knife to eat it.
9: Traffic tie up at intersection in city area.
9: A prohibitory sign is posted next to a building.
9: a kitchen with an oven cabinets and a stove
9: A chair and luggage sitting at a railing on the water.
9: A bridge over water with buildings and clock tower in the background.
9: A vase has many white roses in it
9: Bananas, tangerines, grapes and mango in a bowl together. 
9: A pair of birds sit together in a shallow stream.
9: A man sits on a motorcycle in a parking lot. 
9: The couple holds hands as a woman walks past.
9: A young male skateboarder is high in the air.
9: Four people on a sand dune with a BMX bike and an ATV.
9: an empty and clean wood floored home kitchen
9: A herd of large elephants get to the other side after crossing a river.
9: Yellow fruits and a cup on a plate on a table.
9: A row of different colored umbrellas sitting next to each other.
9: a tennis player holding a racket on a court 
9: some people sitting on a bench a street one male has a black backpack
9: A lone zebra stands close by the water
9: A desktop computer sitting on top of a wooden desk.
9: Three images of a man with a bat show three stages of his hand gesture.
9: A striped zebra is in an enclosure by a tree.
9: A person jumping up in the air on a skateboard.
9: Some teddy bears are on an old golden recliner.
9: A cat sitting on a bench in front of a building.
9: A picture of a man's face next to another picture of a person's arm holding a glass of wine and a remote control.
9: A tennis player in a blue and white outfit preparing to hit a tennis ball.
9: This is a picture of a interesting place where you can buy flowers.
9: A man, wearing glasses, holds a pan of food with his ovenmits on. 
9: A large building with a clock tower surrounded by trees.
9: A puppy playing with an orange frisbee in a fenced yard
9: a cheesy meatball sandwich sits on a plate 
9: Group of pedestrians walking down a busy city center. 
9: There is a metal and wood chair in a garden
9: A man jumping into the air while holding a camera and an umbrella.
9: A close up view of a man looking at his mobile phone.
9: Blue truck rolling down the side of a city street. 
9: A laptop on the table and a baby looking at it
9: a traffic light some people trees cars and buildings
9: A menu is displayed in front of a restaurant.
9: A man hitting a tennis ball with a racquet.
9: AN AIRPLANE IS COMING INTO THE CITY LANDING 
9: A young man is sitting on a rug while on a laptop
9: Young men playing disc golf in treed area of park.
9: A metal stove sits under a granite countertop in a kitchen.
9: A tree in the woods somewhere during a sunny day.
9: Two riders ride horses down a dirt trail.
9: A room with a man in it talking on his phone.
9: Five sausage, egg, and cheese egg muffins. 
9: a building with a door sitting behind a sign 
9: A man holding a tennis racquet in front of a fence.
9: The bust of a man's head is next to a vase of flowers.
9: A white toilet that has some controls next to it.
9: A frisbee will be thrown to a girl's dad in time
9: The big red bus is riving past the crowd of people on the sidewalk.
9: A train going past a herd of pigs and a couple horses.
9: a man wind surfing at a nice beach
9: People walking up the stairs at Waterloo Station
9: A bathroom has a custom bathtub with no curtain
9: A pair of elephants next to a wall with a log on the ground.
9: A woman at a table with pizza and a soda. 
9: A white plate of cheese coated broccoli and ribs. 
9: A person cuts a pizza while another holds a pizza peel.
9: The man is dressed in a shirt and tie posing for a photo. 
9: group of people in a restarant with a large pizza
9: a man stands on the side of a street 
9: a man standing in a building with a stuffed animal 
9: A brick walkway leading to a glass fronted building with bicycles out front. 
9: A snowboarder in mid air heading toward the ground.
9: People are in a room playing an electronic game
9: A horse grazes alone in a wide open field with a mountain in the distance.
9: A crowd of people walking with a person carrying a green frog shaped umbrella.
9: This is an image of a woman flying a kite at the beach.
9: A sign that has a fake cow underneath it.
9: a man is swinging a baseball bat on a field
9: Two children on a beach flying a yellow kite.
9: Three smiling young people standing in a parking lot.
9: A little boy flying his kite in the yard
9: A cat in the foreground and a duck in the background.
9: The small bathroom has a shower, a toilet, and a sink in it.
9: A vase with flowers are shown on the counter.
9: A man in white shirt doing a skateboarding trick.
9: A metal oven sitting next to plants outdoors.
9: A pair of wooden benches in front of large windows.
9: A man holds up decorations outside while other men look on.
9: The downtown area is busy with shoppers, some of whom rest on attractive  wrought-iron benches.
9: A photo of a video game in the middle of a large mirror in a bathroom. 
9: A bike in view in a living room with a Christmas Tree in the background.
9: A person cuts a pizza with a pizza cutter. 
9: Flower arrangements are lined up on a counter top.
9: Group of cows in a field near a water trough.
9: Several laptop computers and electronic devices on a desk.
9: A tennis player is jumping up to hit the ball.
9: Wine glasses and plates and bowls on a table.
9: An airplane museum in Arizona spread out against the mountains.
9: Two street signs on sidewalk next to street and trees.
9: A dish of fruit which includes apples, and bananas among others.
9: Cluttered kitchen with light colored cabinets island and fridge.
9: Corner of a bedroom with a laptop and luggage on a floor.
9: Five tiny pots used to hold plants when they are small.
9: A man stands above the crowd and juggles in a park.
9: a train is moving along at the train stop 
9: a bridge lit up with some  blue lights 
9: a clocktower standing high with lights on 
9: This row of keyboards and mouses are sitting on a table in front of computer monitors.
9: a couple of signs are on a pole
9: a person that is riding a skateboard on a ramp
9: A baby in a stroller at the market.
9: Stop sign and street signs in a residential neighborhood.
9: This is a black and white picture of a school girl.
9: A bused fire hydrant sitting on top of a sidewalk next to a street.
9: A hard hat is stored on a shelf under a time clock.
9: A pair of scissors on a paper on a table.
9: A person and a horse are walking along a coast line.
9: A train is parked in a train station as several people walk along a train platform. 
9: A grown elephant and a young elephant roam freely together in an open field. 
9: a couple of stuffed animals that are next to each other
9: The sheep and the dog always travel together.
9: a stoplight and car on a city street
9: A brown horse standing on top of a green field.
9: A man is standing on a snowy path surrounded by evergreen trees.
9: people on a hill flying two large kites in the sky
9: Two zebras grazing in an enclosed area with shade trees. 
9: A woman wearing a bikini poses while she stands against her surfboard
9: A black cat is laying out in the sun.
9: Four pieces of luggage laying on the ground
9: A machine that cooks donuts and puts them in the box.
9: Picture of two containers of food that have egg, vegetables and fruit
9: A red plane flying high in a clear blue sky.
9: Two people on a moving motorcycle, with a POW/MIA flag on the bike.
9: Woman Skier sits on snowy mountain side with skis. 
9: The two suitcases are together outside to be sold.
9: a person in red is snowboarding on a hill
9: A wood bench is sitting in front of a river
9: An outdoor picture of cows or horses standing in the distance.
9: An all black sprint cell phone with a camera. 
9: A young man in a purple shirt is playing tennis.
9: A person on some skis in the snow.
9: A number of speed boats in the water anchored on a bay
9: A man sitting on a motorcycle smoking with another man's arm around him.
9: Passenger rail train traveling through tunnel with lights in.
9: A person with a helmet is driving a fast Yamaha motorcycle.
9: A kitchen with a sink, dishwasher and microwave.
9: A woman that is standing next to a glass window.
9: A young man performs a trick on a skateboard.
9: A bunch of doughnuts that are on a table.
9: A silver truck parked next to a green truck.
9: A lot of zebras are walking around on a grass field.
9: a small bird sits on top of a book page 
9: a public transit bus parked near a railing 
9: A desk with a black keyboard, monitor and lamp.
9: A green traffic light  and telephone wires
9: A pregnant woman holding a bunch of bananas.
9: A man and woman sitting on a concrete bench eating food while a crowd of people walk in the background.
9: Two people are playing frisbee on the beach.
9: A toaster surrounded by spoons, some protruding from the inside
9: A cow walking in a grassy field toward trees.
9: a scooter parked by a building with graffiti on it 
9: A wooden rolling pin on a table nears some pizza topped with eggs.
9: a large green silver and black machine and windows
9: a man swinging his racket at a tennis ball
9: A baseball player at the mound swinging a baseball bat.
9: a cat sitting underneath motorcycle laying on the brick covered sidewalk
9: A cat is on a desk looking at the computer screens.
9: A man and a child in the kitchen with two cakes.
9: a bunch of kids are standing in a room
9: A person cooks food on three different hot plates. 
9: a frame by frame of clocks passing by 
9: Two men sitting on separate city benches at a park.
9: A jet is sitting on the tarmac with blue sky's around 
9: A large pepperoni pizza on a cutting board.
9: Two screens show two unique pairs of wings.
9: Burgers, fries and onion rings served at a restaurant
9: A salad with mixed vegetables in on a plate. 
9: A single train car passing tracks on a hill.
9: An array of apples and bananas lay on a plate
9: A plastic bag with flat bread and an egg in it
9: A person is snowboarding off of a rock formation.
9: A painting of a cell phone on a wall.
9: Computer station with one computer and many accessories.
9: the train number 66520 is parked at the station
9: Woman eating something while sitting on a stone tablet outside.
9: There is a dog playing with a dog bed
9: A red fire hydrant seems to have sprung from a bricked sidewalk
9: A baseball player is running to a base. 
9: THERE IS A BUILDING THAT IS ON THE SIGN 
9: A child points to ball waiting on the tee ball stand.
9: A white toilet that has its seat up.
9: an orange is sitting in a blue bowl
9: A tall bridge spanning the width of a bridge.
9: A man is playing with a Frisbee in front of a car park sign.
9: a close up of a desk with three laptops on it
9: Three little girls posing in front of a wall for a photo. 
9: A buffet set up with various food items.
9: A lady playing frisbee with her dog, in the snow.
9: A great facial expression on the girl cutting a cake and finding red on the knife 
9: The woman wearing a costume among others is using a cell phone.
9: A tennis player in action looks like he is trying to hit a difficult ball
9: There is a window sticking out of an upper floor with an even taller steeple in the background.
9: A small device with a video playing on the screen.
9: A cat sits on the edge of a table.
9: A man brings a small sandwich to his open mouth. 
9: Three giraffes can be seen in zoo enclosures.
9: A clean living room is shown with different colored furniture.
9: A baseball player on home base, swinging a bat.
9: A woman with short hair consumes a banana.
9: a person riding a surf board on a wave 
9: An artistic dish with meat,potatoes, and some gravy.
9: a man wearing a cowboy hat looking down holding a guitar
9: A young child is standing in a room with toys on the floor.
9: A curious dog sniffs near a cat that's sitting on the grass.
9: a man two girls and a brown and black dog 
9: A plate with a banana that is cut up, cookies and a spoon on it. 
9: Clock tower at the Port of San Francisco. lit against the night sky.
9: A zoo keeper tending to an elephant's mouth
9: Three birds standing on some damp ground outside.
9: A smiling woman sitting up in a hospital bed.
9: A man takes a bite of some food in the middle of a push up. 
9: a large refridgerator sitting on a wooden floor next to a trash can
9: A person leaping into the air as they ski.
9: A table with a computer and other electronics on it. 
9: A cat being fed a donut by someone in a grey shirt.
9: An train platform with a few people and a couple carts of luggage. 
9: a prop setting sitting on a tiled floor
9: A lady is riding her bike and approaching the huge castle like building. 
9: There is a brown bird sitting outside of a glass door.
9: a vintage photo of a train passing through a rural area 
9: Four helmeted motorcyclists on a gravel race course.
9: A box of pizza with peppers, onions and sausage on it.
9: some people talking to a referee on a tennis court 
9: Two women sitting on a couch in a living room.
9: A bowl of cream wheat with a spoon in it and cinnamon on top.
9: A fighter plant performing manueverin in the air
9: A yellow umbrella outside of a restaurant widow.
9: An unmade bed is shown under a window with two sets of curtains.
9: Casually dressed man carrying a sign that says "SMILE".
9: The room has champagne in a bucket and a rose tied with ribbon and a note, resting on a bed.   
9: A school bus in the street behind other cars.
9: The person is riding on the back of the multi-colored truck.
9: There are five birds perched on the branch of the tree. 
9: A wing view of a plane overlooking a mountain area.
9: A bottle of wine and a half full glass sit on a paper calendar.
9: Two hot dogs in foil loaded with toppings.
9: A young man with a shopping cart filled with backpacks.
9: The girl is standing under an umbrella in the rain.
9: A close-up of a cheese pizza on a wooden table.
9: A bowl and a jar of applesauce sits next to two apples on a white doily and striped red tablecloth.
9: A teddy bear sitting in a window holding a cell phone.
9: A motorcycle is shown sitting in a parking lot.
9: Young boy in shirt and tie holding long stick while standing outdoors.
9: A kitchen area with multiple white cabinets and papers.
9: This is a mountainous view from the side of a snowy mountain.
9: some water boats bushes trees and buildings and a train
9: an odd looking red business vehicle with a surf board
9: Car driving down a road behind a lot of sheep.
9: a woman sits outside on a lap top
9: A man in a suit and tie with sunglasses riding on a skateboard in an empty parking lot.
9: THERE ARE PEOPLE THAT ARE ON A MOTOR BIKE 
9: Two small children pose together with skis and poles.
9: Blue white and yellow passenger train coming to a stop at a station. 
9: A cake shaped like a bear has a sparkler and candle on it.
9: A banana banner is advertising bags of foods while next door a pipe banner advertises for fruit at a grocery stand.
9: a horse with the word autism painted on it
9: Yellow and blue train with British flag painted on it.
9: a banana plant and a bunch of green bananas 
9: A small boy and girl skateboarding with helmets on.
9: A city street at night with a red traffic light.
9: A small table with chairs in a decorated room.
9: A PERSON IS SKIING ON THE SNOW SLOPES 
9: A small bird perched on top of a wooden branch.
9: An elephant standing in scrub brush in a wooded area.
9: it is a savannah with zebras and giraffes.
9: the man is laying on a surfboard in the water
9: Many lights are above the sink mirror near a towel rack.
9: Guys looking at contents of a pizza with glasses.
9: A boy swinging his baseball bat with a catcher and umpire behind him. 
9: A man is surfing on one surfboard and a dog is on the another surfboard beside him as two other men swim behind. 
9: Walls are painted blue and white while an open doorway reveals another room painted yellow.
9: A room with an open refrigerator and shelves with jars on it. 
9: an overhead picture of a pool with a swimmer and large umbrella
9: A man holding a cell phone at a counter with phones for sale.
9: Several giraffes standing near rocks in front of trees.
9: small children in a ward playing a game
9: A traffic light on a open city street.
9: Two mugs next to a white plate with a sandwich on it.
9: A man riding a wave on a surfboard in the ocean.
9: Someone on hands and knees displayed on a TV
9: A kitten climbing out of a blue bowl.
9: Person on skis and snow looking at dog on two legs. 
9: A wooden bench near a tree and a stone wall 
9: A farmer selling his wares at a farmer's market
9: a black and white photo of three people standing 
9: Various slices of leftover homemade pizzas sit on the stove with a partially7 drank glass of red wine. 
9: An Indian girl with an umbrella checking her cellphone in the rain.
9: Four people at beach carrying several surfboards. 
9: A bed with a row of red and blue stripped pillows with a lamp on a table next to it.
9: A body of water with many boats on it.
9: A woman with a tennis racket runs on a court.
9: Several people walking across a crosswalk in a city.
9: A mountain valley with several cattle grazing on it.
9: a kitty cat all curled up on it's bed
9: An adult swan swimming in the water with a few young ones behind it.
9: A man on a snowboard performing a trick.
9: Children enjoying the Wii display at a convention.
9: A room full of things such as computers,table fans suitcases,potted plants etc.
9: A person sitting in the snow with a snow board.
9: a person in a black shirt a horse water and trees
9: a canal with lots of boats and buildings on either side
9: a rock like table with a notebook and pen on it
9: A large brown cow allowing her calf to nurse in a green field
9: A woman holds on to a cat with bright creepy eyes. 
9: well organized desk with  large screen computer monitor and other gadgets displayed on it.
9: A group of street signs with a cloudy blue sky in the background.
9: A bathroom with a wall of toilet paper rolls 
9: A wooden bench sitting on top of a grass covered field.
9: A Highland Express tour bus is turning onto the street.
9: A man on a tennis court holding a racket. 
9: An Asian woman with the peace sign up and a Asian man with luggage next to him.
9: A snow covered street with a red stop sign.
9: Two people stand by a motorcycle and a van.
9: A laptop computer on a desk with a large computer monitor.
9: A baseball player getting ready to hit a pitch. 
9: Person takes a picture through the side mirror reflection of them holding a small dog.
9: Two people standing on the corner of a street.
9: a street sign written in english and arabic 
9: Men are playing volleyball on the sandy beach.
9: There is a pot of flowers sitting near the sink.
9: The Bear is on the rocks has a fish in the mouth. 
9: A coach balances a soccer ball in front of her team
9: Four airplanes in the sky flying over a field.
9: a man standing next to a brick oven .
9: A silhouette of a woman in the sunset at the beach holding a surfboard.
9: A herd of zebra standing around a tree filled forest.
9: A stuffed bear, a keyboard, an iPod and microphone.
9: An old world war II airplane is hanging from cables from the ceiling with a bunch of people walking around.
9: A hot dog and fries with several condiments are on a plate.
9: A bathroom has a brown and yellow accents.
9: A Heineken coaster sits next to a remote on the desk. 
9: A large crowd of people gather in a square with Capitol Hill in the distance.
9: a public transit bus on a city street
9: Street scene with USA and Mexican flags flying from building above restaurant tables on sidewalk.
9: A snowboarder, with a yellow snowboard, poses in front snowy mountains.
9: a person learning how to surf board out side 
9: Motorcycles are lined up outside along the street. 
9: A woman in a defensive stance with a tennis racquet.
9: A cat snooping into a kitchen cabinet with a woman looking.
9: Two people pose and smile by a street sign.
9: A white toilet in a trendy wall papered bathroom.
9: Street signs for PUSHKIN Str. and NALBANDYAN Str.
9: A woman kneeling to pet animals while others wait. 
9: A surfer dressed in red and black riding white waves.
9: There are many suitcases piled up on top of each other. 
9: a woman standing with an umbrella over her head 
9: A wooden picture of birds with  white flowers
9: Two giraffe standing inside of an enclosure next to a deer.
9: A girafee is standing tall in the middle of a lawn. 
9: A black and white cat outside of a red and blue window.
9: People at a veggie and fruit market looking at the merchandise.
9: a man is sitting in a car petting a black cat
9: A metal building with buckets and barrels inside.
9: A man flexing his arm and holding a tennis racket and tennis ball on a tennis court.
9: Two zebras that are standing near each other in the dirt.
9: A row of glassware is sitting on top of the table.

9: A couple of sinks and soap dispensers hang from a wall.
9: A female tennis player lunges to hit the ball.
9: A bathroom with a shower that has all glass for the wall on the door side.
9: A woman flies a kite in the blue sky.
9: A snowboarder performing a trick in the air on a mountain.
9: A Stop sign on top of a mountain looking down at a valley.
9: Two horses that are standing in the grass.
9: a woman holding a colorful kite in the shape of a plane
9: a phone for sale on a book in a sale
9: A girl lying down and smiling and feeling happy.
9: Cute little sheep standing around for the picture
9: a store front with an array of colorful umbrellas
9: A bear sanding on its back legs leaning against a tree reaching up.
9: A guinea pig and a dog look at each other on a bed.
9: Winter scene, man dressed in dark clothes helmet and eye goggles as if on skies, with people in background skiing. 
9: A person on a surf board by a big wave.
9: A yellow double decker bus driving under an overpass.
9: A large white clock tower towering over a building.
9: People standing with their luggage on a train platform.
9: A man attempting to do a skateboard trick on an outdoor halfpipe.
9: A box with picture of a yellow banana advertising on it.  
9: Pizza close up with fork in the middle
9: Two women and one man playing a video game.
9: there are many different foods in tis fridge
9: A dog is sitting in the bed of a moving truck near traffic. 
9: A person is reading a text on a cell phone.
9: The young surfboarder maintains his balance as the wave breaks around him
9: People flying kites on a sandy beach next to the ocean.
9: A white plate with a cut in half sandwich.
9: Several boats that are in a body of water.
9: a man sitting at a table with a box of desserts sitting next to him
9: A yellow oblong upside down triangular street sign stands in the middle of the street. 
9: People gathered on a hill, some flying kites.
9: A girl on the ground ready to throw her frisby.
9: This is a desk with a macbook pro with a wood themed background on it.
9: A man dries his hair in the bathroom.
9: A boy showing off a bowl with an ice cream sundae.
9: A man jumps to catch a Frisbee flying through the air.
9: A two door, stainless steel refrigerator under a wine cabinet
9: A carriage horse wearing a fluorescent green hat
9: A kitchen with a wooden counter, sink, oven and stove.
9: Four slices of square pizza on the plate. 
9: Four adult giraffe walking on dirt between two buildings.
9: A motorcycle parked on the side of the road.
9: a close up of a cat in the lap of someone 
9: The people are riding horses in the parade.
9: A group of people walking to an electric train.
9: A child sitting cross legged in front of a birthday cake.
9: A couple of delivery trucks parked next to a large building.
9: A group of giraffe standing next to a wooden tree.
9: A pink plate topped with a bagel sandwich and vegetables.
9: A bunch of white flowers sit in a vase.
9: A beautiful art nouveau vase holds and arrangement of greenery.
9: Woman outside her car approaching to pet a horse in fence.
9: Kitchen appliances and cabinets as seen through opening.
9: these are two elephants on the dirt at the zoo
9: Lunch is in front of the laptop computer.
9: A man working in a liquor store pulls tape out to wrap a box. 
9: A little girl makes a cake in her small cookware.
9: A small zebra stands still in the middle of an outdoor setting.
9: A stack of peeled bananas set on a paper plate.
9: Two large pizzas sitting on wire cooling racks.
9: an image of a giraffe hunched over on dirt floor
9: A red stop sign leaning over on it's side.
9: Two people riding a motorcycle near a group of people.
9: A rusted metal boat with a large engine sitting on a lake.
9: A MAN IS MAKING A FACE WITH A CAKE 
9: Three people on an open field with a banner 
9: The train is going down the railroad tracks. 
9: Stuffed bear are set in chairs outside of a store.
9: Baseball players playing a game on an official baseball field.
9: at a wine tasting they are given three different ones to try
9: A view of a man holding a kite from far away.
9: Three dogs on a dirt path, two laying down and one standing
9: There is a toilet next to the shelf with towels.
9: A person on a beach with a surfboard.
9: a close up of a baseball player standing on first base
9: Sheep grazing on green grass in their enclosure.
9: Sneakers, laptop, clothes and bags of toiletries laid out on the rug
9: A blue bird sitting on the top of a branch with autumn leaves
9: A red sofa in front of a large window with a dark wood coffee table. 
9: A man in a striped shirt hits a ball on a city tennis court.
9: People getting off of an airplane sitting on the tarmac.
9: Two men in suits and tie are hugging.
9: A woman holding two wine glasses, one in each of her hands.
9: Two zebras standing side by side together in the dirt
9: a large tower with a clock on it
9: a small kid plays in a park 
9: Some sheep reach their necks out so they can eat some hay. 
9: A panda playing with some bamboo in a pen.
9: Two giraffes stand in the sunlight, one on the grass.
9: A car on a road passes a standing elephant.
9: A tugboat sits beside a ferry on placid water with a mountain in the distance.
9: A boy on a skateboard with the board in the air in the midst of a stunt.
9: A large sandwich cut in half on top of checkered paper.
9: Toy bear in a Santa costume sitting next to a window. 
9: A table with an open laptop, text book, cell phone and a bottle of beer, tv on in the background.
9: A passenger plane taking off into the sky. 
9: A stoplight that is flashing green lights at cars.
9: two men on a scooter riding down the roadway
9: Wooden cabinets and black appliances in a small kitchen area. 
9: A truck has stopped by the water where there is a yellow boat
9: A stop sign mounted on a pole in front of a gas station sign.
9: A man riding skis down a snow covered slope.
9: A girl holding her tennis racquet horizontally to hit a dropping tennis ball.
9: There is a bus with it's brake lights on.
9: A giant teddy bear sitting on an office chair.
9: Two men standing beside one another smiling at an event. 
9: A person in the water about to go surfing
9: A birthday cake with the candles lit celebrating a 6th year old kid named Emmett.
9: This bedroom features a plump bed and a large window.
9: The zebras are in the grassy field with the giraffes. 
9: A refrigerator on the side of the streets.
9: Three zebras are grazing in the grass together.
9: A man wearing a suit is taking a self portrait with a camera.
9: four skiers ready to ski down a snowy mountain

9: THERE ARE TWO BIRDS THAT ARE TOUCHING EACH OTHER 
9: A small public restroom with a white sink and urinal.
9: A close up of the face of a zebra grazing the grass.
9: A regular patterned and an albino peacock sitting on chairs across from each other.
9: The dog enjoys playing outside and laying down in the house.
9: A man on a bicycle is holding a dog.
9: A bunch of food and flowers sits on a table.
9: a close up of two zebras with birds on them
9: A small toilet in a very small bathroom.
9: Street signs for the corner of st. Luke and Riverside.
9: A group of people outside at night under a red umbrella
9: Vintage tailor's mannequin and two old suitcases with luggage decals on them.
9: Dogs play tug of war in the snowy yard.
9: A clock has an image for Bicycle Cigarettes on it.
9: A man sitting next to woman with her arms outstretched on a park bench surrounding by grass and trees.
9: A crowded refrigerator is shown with a variety of items.
9: A white keyboard is sitting on a desk.
9: Two brown horses in a pasture eating grass.
9: A man riding a motorcycle in street next to trees.
9: a man in the street checking on something inside a brick oven
9: Four donuts topped with icing displayed on metal trays.
9: A kitchen with white cabinets and a granite counter top.
9: a small boat in a body of water 
9: A laptop on a special stand near a desk in a yellow room.
9: this is a sign in front of a large cathedral
9: A man gets his picture taken at a ski resort
9: A group of elephants standing in shallow water.
9: A man riding a horse followed by a dog
9: there are many people trying to avoid the rain
9: a group of people sitting on a bench in front of some blooming flowers
9: The team of soccer players are kneeling around the coach.
9:  directing signs in front of a parking garage
9: A view of a top of a building in day, it appears to be old.
9: a desk with a monitor a keyboard and a laptop
9: Floor of a pine forest littered with foliage.
9: Some sheep are grazing in a rocky field with a few trees.
9: Front door, windows, and bench of medical clinic.
9: A pair of zebras behind a sign that warns not to feed them.
9: A young man riding a skateboard down a curvy road.
9: A giraffe standing next to a building near a tree.
9: An pitcher prepares to throw a pitch to the batter.
9: a big building with a clock at the top of it
9: Small chocolate cake which is missing two slices
9: A striped cat laying on a wooden bench
9: A group of zebras cluster together in a field of grass
9: A baseball player steps to the plate while the catcher prepares for the throw.
9: A brown horse with ducks standing in water and drinking water.
9: 6 motorcycles are sitting outside a shop in the grass.
9: A group of men with remotes in a room.
9: A remote control holder and accessory holder sitting on a table
9: Birds in the sky around the water at the beach
9: The snow is almost covering the fire hydrant.
9: A group of people who are sitting at a bar.
9: 2 giraffes standing in front of a rock wall.
9: a dog running next to a horse at a farm 
9: A train passes below some power lines as it goes down the tracks.
9: A brown and white baby giraffe in an enclosure
9: A woman flying a kite in a field with a dress on.
9: A baseball player is looking at another player as he runs.
9: A man is surfing a wave in the ocean.
9: A white toilet sitting in a run down restroom stall.
9: chickens in a cage with a pair of scissors on top.
9: A church clock with several stained glass windows around it.
9: a man skiing down a hill with a tree behind him 
9: A triangular room with two beds on either wall. 
9: two stuffed animals posed together in black and white
9: there is a old photo of the public market center sign
9: A woman is reaching to strike a tennis ball
9: A snowboarder holding a board while looking at the mountain.
9: a pregnant woman laying in bed reading a book 
9: Two white sheep grazing in field under light.
9: A piece of food that is on a table.
9: A giraffe at the zoo walking across his cage.
9: A stack of suitcases on brown table next to a wall.
9: A lot of people standing around with colorful kites in the sky. 
9: A vase with hand crafted flowers placed in front of a stone wall
9: Two kittens are curled up next to each other in a pot.
9: A group of people riding motorcycles on a road and stopping and a stop sign.
9: There are two street signs in front of two tall buildings.
9: A long table accommodating many people while eating
9: a boy swings his tennis racket on the court
9: People playing Wii bowling in a modern library
9: A group of people on land looking at a flying boat
9: Old fashion like furniture are sitting near a table in a room. 
9: A man in black vest flying a kite on beach.
9: two zebras grazing while a hippo looks at them and some oxen in the background
9: A white cat sits under a black open umbrella.
9: There are a bunch of sheep standing in a pen.
9: A two story bus moving down the steet.
9: A pair of jockeys running their horses around a track.
9: A teddy bear is posed by a dessert on a table with coffee cups.
9: A plate with stir fried broccoli and carrots with a brown sauce.
9: A large group of people on a grass field.
9: A lady flying a kite during the day in a park.
9: A wooden surface holds an opened beverage can, an open book, a meal and plastic fork on a glass plate, used and unused napkins, and most importantly a laptop, not on.  
9: A young male is flying a kite in cloudy sky
9: The apples are big and ready to be picked from the tree.
9: A yellow train is parked on the tracks at a station.
9: A laptop computer sitting on top of a bed.
9: A herd of sheep graze beneath trees by a small road.
9: The woman is hitting a tennis ball with her racket.
9: A cat lying on a park bench,wedged between the arm of the bench and a person.
9: Carrots are in a basket in the foreground with other vegetables behind them.
9: A group of white birds walking in grass next to a tree.
9: A man is swinging his tennis racket on a grassy area.
9: A rusty metal park bench in a park.
9: A dog sitting on a couch looking intently at something.
9: A woman walking along the beach flying a kite.
9: a street with some statues and buildings around
9: A seagull flies near the cupola of a clock tower. 
9: A clock that is inside of a large tower.
9: A wet dog is playing with a string of balls.
9: A man in a park prepares to catch a frisbee.
9: Speakers sit on top of two toilets in the bathroom.
9: A couple of people sitting on top of a wooden bench.
9: Looking at beautiful scenery through the lens of a phone camera.
9: The contents of someone's purse with glasses, makeup, an ipod, phone, and pens and paper.
9: Two cows looking through a wooden fence in a grass field.
9: A group photo of men and boys from the Goodmayes Boys School dated April 1929.
9: A young woman wearing red making an obscene gesture.
9: two zebras walking one in front of the other
9: A pink car waits with a group of mopeds and motorcycles at an intersection.
9: A white plate has lamb chops and potatoes.
9: A man playing tennis about to serve the ball.
9: Colorful food arranged on a square dinner plate.
9: A line of elephants with performers in white dancing on top of them and a crowd of people watching to the side. 
9: A horse stands on grass and looks at the camera
9: A tea kettle sitting on top of a stove.
9: Small girl in green shirt holding a slice of pizza to her face. 
9: Busses are parked by a large building structure.
9: A large group of people on a city street.
9: A young boy brushing a little girls hair. 
9: A person that is catching a ball in a baseball game.
9: A giant Donald Duck standing in front of a Christmas Tree with lots of toys around it.
9: a person standing standing with a tennis racket in between her legs
9: The brown horse walks with head down through the wilderness.
9: A baseball game with a left handed batter swinging at a pitch and the catcher and umpire behind him.
9: a bunch of donuts spread out  on the table
9: A man flies a kite in the middle of a large grassy area
9: Large marble looking building with a steeple top.
9: Several people sit on an elephant on a blanket.
9: Three zebras standing next to each other in a field.
9: A giraffe eats a leaf from a boy's hand.
9: The plane is sitting on the runway at the airport. 
9: a brown cow standing in a field with trees
9: Two traffic lights displaying red in front of an office building.
9: a man is doing a trick on a skateboard
9: A foreign airline status board with a clock.
9: A skillet on a stove with vegetables in it 
9: A paper plate that includes two hotdogs one of which is half eaten.
9: A school bus sitting at a traffic light across from another vehicle.
9: Mountains and large rock formations can be seen while flying a kite on the beach
9: a zebra in its pen at the zoo and a fence
9: a man plating up spaghetti dishes for mealtime
9: A bathroom, with a toilet, sink, and hanging towels in it.
9: a white desk with three computers on it
9: an image of a man riding water skiis in ocean
9: A tennis playing is jumping in order to hit a ball.
9: Baked pizza ready to slice and serve displayed on wooden table.
9: A dog in a  back yard chasing a frisbee
9: An Obama look like with another man holding a surf board.



Comment: "This is where our tax dollars go!"
9: Several people sit at long tables with a large mural with writing in the background.
9: A man throwing a baseball from a mound on a field.
9: Two people in the distance on a beach with surfboards.
9: a boy playing tennis runs to hit the ball 
9: A table filled with electronics including cell phones, remotes camera parts and a laptop. 
9: Several men stand next to other men as they sit on motorcycles.
9: A picture of traffic from the front car window.
9: A man sitting on a horse next to another horse.
9: A large painted clock tower in the middle of town
9: An iguana and three pigeons sitting on cement steps
9: A group of baseball players playing a game of baseball in a field.
9: A train is pulling into a station stop with red benches.
9: a man standing in an archway looking at a  man sitting down
9: A group of fried foods next to a small stack of banana's.
9: An MLB pitcher for San Francisco is pitching.
9: A plate with fish, potatoes, carrots and broccoli.
9: A cat curled up, laying in a small sink.
9: There are many boats on the clear blue sea.
9: Street post with large blue sign sitting on top of it. 
9: A black bear walking around a swamp next to a lake.
9: Public Car Park Entrance sign with an arrow
9: Slices of orange peels on a white plate.
9: A close up of three cakes singing best wishes. 
9: a close up of a toilet with a knob on the toilet lid
9: large set of personal paintings sitting on the side of a fence.
9: Those look like remote or game controls in their hands.
9: A herd of zebra standing next to each other on sandy ground.
9: a brown horse leaning its neck over a fence 
9: People at the beach watching an airshow with eight jets.
9: A couple sitting on a park bench on a sunny day
9: There are two zebras that are standing by each ither
9: Two stone clocks are sitting on a shelf.
9: Big Ben in front of a sunny sky with few clouds.
9: A WOMAN IS LOOKING DOWN A CROWDED STREET
9: A goup of elephants in an enclosed area with a lot of trees behind them.
9: A small black dog sits beside a pair of shoes.
9: A lone giraffe grazes freely in the open field.
9: Two dogs playing with a frisbee in the snow.
9: A computer image of a man sitting on a hospital bed where another man is.
9: a living room with a table a couch and chairs
9: Three women in long skirts and a dog standing near a Christmas tree.
9: A stop sign near a beach and a do not turn left sign
9: A black cake shaped like a hear has a knife sticking from it.
9: A polar bear is sticking his head out of the water.
9: a well made cooker and an oven with some lights
9: A guy playing tennis waiting for the serve.
9: A man cutting a cold coconut on the back of a truck
9: A hamburger has cheese and bacon on it.
9: Two people ride an elephant on the side of a road.
9: A bowl of some meat substance, broccoli, and rice.
9: A pizza adorned with macaroni and cheese sits on a plate.
9: A group of people standing in front of tables with pastries.
9: A person on a street standing next to a fire hydrant.
9: A man examines a players ankle at a tennis match.
9: A woman with red hair wearing a blue dress stands by a stove as a man in a suit stands behind her.
9: A zebra standing in an big open field.
9: Many people walking on the street and riding their bicycle.
9: A woman is holding a baseball bat, with headphones on.
9: Two people on skis soaring over the water.
9: A woman and another woman waiting at a stop.
9: A cute little teddy bear on a mantle near a vintage photo.
9: A red and black train sitting on train tracks near gravel. 
9: Clock in middle of a sculpture on top of building
9: A bathroom has gold tile and a silver box on the wall.
9: A bowl filled with leftover food sitting next to a banana.
9: Three men are sitting on a bench watching the boats in the dock.
9: A few people and a mascot on a soccer field.
9: Two sheep are outside and are covered in snow.
9: a cat laying in an open bag of luggage 
9: the back of a train going down the tracks.
9: A bathroom is mostly decorated in white. 
9: Two horses pull a colorful carriage with four men on it on a parade ground.
9: Very nicely appointed well lit formal living room
9: a red yellow and green bus some flowers and some trees
9: A glass of liquid sits next to books and a remote.
9: a couple of people standing together by a wall 
9: A man wearing a boy scout uniform while throwing up a gang sign.
9: A group of people riding on top of a train.
9: A brown and red themed living room setup. 
9: A person that is in the water having some fun.
9: A model train with cars on road and trees.
9: A large long train on a track near some tall buildings.
9: The man is talking on an old school cellular phone.
9: A group of young people walking into a park, some of them carrying skateboards.
9: A group of people waiting at a bus stop.
9: A man is surfing in the wavy rocky water.
9: Skiers and snowboarders mill about on a mountain.
9: A woman standing in front of an open refrigerator.
9: A group of zebras stand in the middle of the field.
9: a photo of a bed with white sheets on a boat
9: a group of people on a baseball field playing a game of baseball
9: Sunbathers in beach chairs and under beach umbrellas at the beach.
9: A man standing near a bus watching cyclists ride by.
9: A woman in a bus with cars ahead 
9: A woman laughing and holding a cell phone.
9: A train is traveling along a stretch of track.
9: A little boy swings at a baseball as fielders look on. 
9: A pan with a half slice of a pizza and a knife next to it
9: A man in a white tennis outfit hitting a tennis ball. 
9: a car is under a couple of lights outside
9: A kitchen with a sink, cabinets, windows, and other items
9: there are waffles with chicken and some fruit
9: A bus stops at a curb in a busy city street.
9: A television is in a wall and on
9: The batter is up to bat and ready to swing.
9: A dog laying on a purple pillow in a suitcase on the floor
9: A mini-skirt maybe made by blue jeans with tied ties attached to them.
9: many young people wearing skis on a snowy slope
9: Residential bathroom with all white porcelain amenities and purple walls.
9: a fast food restaurant worker hands over food
9: A woman on a motorcycle is next to a man walking a dog along with other people going down a dirt road.
9: Healthy homemade pizza sliced and sitting on a table.
9: The bus has picture of woman dancers on it.
9: Girl on grass throwing a frisbee on a sunny day.
9: a little girl sitting at a table eating a bowl of pho
9: A shadowed person is in an alley with a suitcase.
9: Two pizzas on cooling racks atop a counter.
9: a baseball player a batter is on a field
9: A polar bear buries its head under the rump of another polar bear.
9: A couple of men sitting next to each other.
9: A lady seems to be attending to a fallen toddler. 
9: Two men who are outside playing with a frisbee. 
9: A beige and white three piece bathroom with no shower curtain.
9: A woman walking in a grass area and a frisbee in front of her.
9: Two men on motorcycles at a stop light
9: A close up photo of a parking meter.
9: A group of white and green busses in a parking lot.
9: Two dogs sitting on a couch together with a person.
9: A cell phone on a blue item with tiny holes. 
9: a person riding a surf board on a wave
9: A remote control is shown in close up view.
9: a person laying in the water beside a blue surfboard
9: A hotel hallway with suitcases sitting outside the rooms.
9: There is a crossing sign with a green smiley face.
9: A guy is performing a trick on a skateboard.
9: Animals are grazing in a fenced in field.
9: A young child is playing a WII video game.
9: A large jet liner flying under the moon.
9: A kite with a pirate symbol is hanging from a pole on a beach. 
9: two people and the male as a black bag and suitcase
9: A poster bed with canopy in a room. 
9: Giraffes lean over fences toward a group of people.
9: Man flying a dragon kite on a beach.
9: Many boats on the water near buildings and a road.
9: two kids taking a photo on ski's on a hill
9: A man in a tan shirt riding a motor bike on a dirt road. 
9: A red traffic light and a crosswalk in an industrial city. 
9: Skiers readying to ski down a hill next to a ski lift.
9: A plate with hashbrowns and bread and cup and drink.
9: A person standing with a skateboard near a depression.
9: Calico cat discontentedly lying on blue folding chair.
9: a herd of sheep walk next to a street
9: A woman holds a pink umbrella in front of her that is covered in German words. 
9: The skier took a high jump doing down the snow covered hill. 
9: Two people in a small boat floating by some greenery.
9: A catcher carrying his face mask and smiling.
9: Two skiers looking out at the view from a high cliff 
9: A baby lies on blue and green bedding next to a teddy bear.
9: Long green hills sitting in the background of a city road. 
9: A clock near the front of a house.
9: Half of a tennis court with two women on it and people in the crowd
9: A man jumping on a skateboard on the sidewalk.
9: A picture of a salad and pizza being served. 
9: A woman stands over a cake with a knife.
9: Group of people on horseback riding towards a red building. 
9: A man sits alone reading a newspaper on a bench.
9: Sliced bananas on a plate next to a food chopper.
9: Three chefs are in the large industrial kitchen preparing a meal.
9: Flowers in different shades of pink are arranged in a green vase.
9:  a couple of giraffes that are walking in the grass
9: Several people with umbrellas walking across an intersection.
9: A person using a wind surfboard, on the beach.
9: A plate of pasta with meat and chips.
9: A cake with cream topping on the plate.
9: a  laptop a monitor and keyboard and mouse on the desk
9: A black and white photo of a flowing growing out of a vase.
9: Dozens of donuts sitting in a display case on metal racks.
9: A couple of men standing in front of a green building.
9: a number of bunches of bananas hanging in a market
9: a child with long wet hair has his hair blow dried
9: A man that is standing next to an elephant.
9: A man holding a red stop sign next to a dark colored car.
9: a kitchen with a lot of shelf and cupboard space 
9: Small vase with flowers sits between two large potted plants.
9: A plate with sandwiches next to a bowl of creamy soup.
9: A plate of food in containers is on a tray.
9: A boy is halfway through a glazed doughnut
9: A plane flies by next to some power lines 
9: The remnants of pizzas are lined up on a long table with kids playing with a phone.
9: There are many airplanes getting ready to take off of the runway. 
9: A black and white photo of a bench and a chair.
9: Giraffe walking in dense tree'd forest on clear day.
9: two large air planes flying in the sky with a ferris wheel
9: A clock that has been placed on a window sill. 
9: People on skis are riding down a hill.
9: Several children playing baseball behind a metal fence.
9: A bathroom with a trashcan, toilet and tile floor.
9: A bathroom scene with focus on the toilet and the water tank.
9: Man attempting to return a volley during a tennis game.
9: A DJ with earphones around his neck is using the equipment.
9: City bus with passengers boarding for Ballston Station.
9: A man with yellow shoes riding a skateboard.

9: A man laying on the floor playing with his cat.
9: A group of giraffes standing and grazing in a forest.
9: Fashion model in rain gear poses by a derelect building 
9: A cookie sheet has a casserole on it next to plates.
9: A baseball pitcher throws a pitch to the batter standing at home plate.
9: a man sticking two hot dogs into his mouth as he holds the bun in his other hand 
9: A kitchen industrial in look with many things on the counters.
9: A big black and white cow is on an icy field.
9: A person doing tricks on a skateboard while people watch from the stand.
9: A hot dog sits in a bun next to french fries.
9: A red cross sitting over a white toilet.
9: a young boy and young girl surprised sitting at a kitchen table 
9: A small cow is getting milk from it's mother.
9: The living room has a open feel to it
9: A couple of dirt bikers in a race.
9: A sail boat floating across a large body of water.
9: Two men surfing in water next to a dock.
9: a swirly green rug in a kids room
9: A man walking down the street carrying boxes on a hand truck while several others pass through the street. 
9: Two people holding wii remote controls in a living room.
9: A boy looks at the package his donut came in.
9: A female tennis player completing a serve on hardcourt
9: A woman is clutching her pink umbrella against the wind
9: A woman holding a tennis racket inside an enclosed court.
9: a bathroom with a sink and a toilet
9: birds swimming in a river inside a city
9: Brown teddy bear sitting underneath a blue and white sign. 
9: a girl in with a body board in some water 
9: This is a bathroom with a metal toilet and sink.
9: A woman standing next to a man holding game controllers.
9: A picture of a person eating some food.
9: A fire hydrants and some potted plants sitting on the side of a road where cars are driving.
9: Passengers with luggage in an airport "limo" bus.
9: A healthy pizza covered in vegetables is half eaten.
9: A cat lying on a couch asleep by a remote controller.
9: A couple of people on a motor bike on a street.
9: There are a bunch of doughnuts on a metal tray
9: This is a picture of two elephants rear ends. 
9: They are taking picture in front of the old bus.
9: A sub sandwich and cup of ice coffee.
9: A bathroom has been destroyed with graffiti, feces covering the floor and a lack of cleaning.
9: A guy showing a little girl how to hold a remote.
9: A man enjoys a continental breakfast and smiles a lot.
9: there is a woman riding a horse on the field
9: A baby elephants stands between two adult elephants.
9: A toilet that has a roll of toilet paper on top of it.
9: a bird that is flying in the air.
9: A man sits on a roof above his deck adjusting an umbrella.
9: Women cook salad on a table in a large kitchen.
9: two people in formal wear standing right next to each other 
9: There was an artist vent used when painting the airplanes.
9: A dog chases a flock of ducks in a green field.
9: A snowboarder hitting a trick off a giant ramp.
9: A woman is riding a surfboard on the water.
9: Aman in a tshirt wearing an orange tie.
9: A sunset can be seen through a car windshield.
9: This is an image of two girls with goats
9: A group of horseback riders walk down a trail.
9: The bed is made in the corner of the room
9: a zebra in a pen wearing a green head harness
9: Sheep that have a lot of wool and yellow ear tags.
9: a person sitting on  desk operating a laptop next to two other 
9: a little girl looking inside the refrigerator. 
9: A fire hydrant on a sidewalk of a city 
9: A couple stands in shallow water next to a light aircraft.
9: A dog that is standing near an open window.
9: Two people standing around an island in a restaurant kitchen. 
9: very ripe bananas placed on a purple basket
9: A boat that is in the water in the day.
9: a person that is surfing on a big wave
9: an employee in a red shirt sprinkling cheese on a pizza
9: A young child skateboarding on a paved walkway.
9: a person that is cutting a cake on a tasble
9: tHERE ARE TWO MEN PLAYING TENNIS ON THE TENNIS COURT
9: group of people waiting to get onto a bus in the city
9: A group of women sitting on a bench near a light pole.
9: A boy trying to catch a frisbee while outside with building.
9: A view of a bag with a bunch of buttons and attachments on it.
9: A windsurfer watches people kite surfing at the beach
9: This man is walking through a living room.
9: Two glasses of juice are on a cutting board near diced vegetables.
9: People are walking around with umbrellas in the rain
9: Two little girls standing next to each other holding umbrellas.
9: A person who is on a horse in the water.
9: BUSY CITY STREET AT DUSK WITH SUN SETTING IN BACKGROUND
9: A snow boarder is preceded by his long shadow as he skis.
9: A coffee cup with lots of weird things painted on its inside.
9: Three dogs playing with a disk toy in the park.
9: A woman pets a cow in a grassy field.
9: A living room with a couch that has a dog peeking over the top.
9: A man performs a kick flip on his skate board
9: This residence is painted and decorated with lots of green.
9: Some seats in a bus parked near a grocery store.
9: a lady that is walking in to a train
9: a bird clock sitting on a shelf in a walmart store 
9: A clock face where it is indicating it is almost six forty.
9: A man throwing a Frisbee to a small boy, while another plays with a dog.
9: a person riding a surf board in a wave
9: A cute little girl sitting on a bench alone.
9: a person riding a bicycle with a large front whel
9: A breakfast tray with pancakes and fruit with a cat standing near it.
9: A fire hydrant with graffiti that makes it appear to be smiling mischievously.
9: a room with a bed a ceiling fan and a locker
9: Some computer screens sitting on top of a desk. 
9: A woman in hospital gown lays in bed with a child by her bedside and another woman sweeps in the background
9: A cat sitting on top of a convertible car in a carport. 
9: A whole pizza on a plate on a table at a restaurant. 
9: A young man and a young lady row a canoe together on a sunny day.
9: A dog pokes its head between a table with utensils and a plate of mostly finished food and the arm and chest of a person, probably a man, with a hand resting on his chest. 
9: A naked baby on a blanket it smiling and playing
9: A muffin and a piece of fruit sit on a table.
9: Some vegetables that are cooking in a pan.
9: A tennis player prepares to serve a tennis ball.
9: A close shot of a elephant near bushy landscape.
9: A lot of flags are posted up in a field for celebration.
9: A red fire hydrant is on the sidewalk next to a sign.
9: A sandwich with thick meat and a bottle of barbeque sauce
9: three children wearing party hats are at a table
9: There are three elephants standing beside a pool of water. 
9: an image of two  sunflowers in a glass
9: A tennis player hits the ball up from the racket.
9: A woman in a skirt is leading a white horse.
9: Several baseball players pose for their photo to be taken.
9: A man prepares to throw a frisbee over a hill.
9: there are four train engines pulling freight cars
9: A modern train is moving through a small town, trees and people.
9: a double stacked passenger bus parked outside a building
9: A woman standing behind a camera near a laptop computer.
9: There are people playing tennis on the court
9: A bathroom is shown with a glass counter and cone-shaped sink.
9: Two pelican walk along a sidewalk while others swim in the water below
9: A shopping center decorated for Christmas with snowflakes and clock tower.
9: A group of abandoned refrigerators standing side by side.
9: A group of people playing a game of soccer.
9: Someones hands on their laptop with images on the screen. 
9: Man paddling in a red kayak over medium sized waves.
9: A large group of zebra standing in the shade.
9: A MAN AT THE COUNTER OF A NEWSPAPER STAND
9: A woman with glasses wearing an orange t-shirt stands in a kitchen area.
9: Dog standing on kitchen floor with pastry items place or his rear.
9: The neon purple toilet with lid lifted is in the bathroom with brown tile. 
9: A white toilet sitting next to a toilet brush.
9: Cat lounging on an iron bed next to a quilt
9: A computer sitting on a see through desk
9: a person on a beach playing with a frisbee 
9: A boy holding a tennis racket in mid-swing.
9: A black man playing the wii in his home.
9: A cat sits on the floor next to a sofa.
9: A fat cat laying on the edge of a desk.
9: Red traffic light in sky over a road way.
9: A sloppy joe being displayed on a plate.
9: A shitless man posing for a photo while holding a surfboard.
9: A blue clock tower near a city street.
9: A woman standing under trees by a field.
9: A cat climbing up the wall between two windows.
9: two silver laptops sitting next to each other
9: A group of zebras grazing on the savannah.
9: A keyboard, monitor and mouse with red light on a desk.
9: A person holding a sculpture made of carrot pieces.
9: A man tosses a frisbee in a park.
9: A man and woman playing a game with Nintendo Wii controllers.
9: KIDS AT A SKATEBOARD PARK RIDING SKATEBOARDS AND WATCHING 
9: A suitcase on a boat in the water.
9: Horses grazing in a lush green pasture behind a  white fence.
9: A painting of a woman holding a Frisbee.
9: People gathered around a construction truck in the street.
9: a bunch of feet are around a blue disk
9: Two zebras laying down in an enclosure as people watch nearby.
9: A man reading a book while on a bench.
9: nine geese flying south for the winter months
9: a young boy is wearing a white shirt and tie
9: A zebra grazing in a field near a pile of branches.
9: A man in yellow shirt doing a trick on skateboard.
9: A display case full of various donuts is shown.
9: Black and white photograph of a man in black jacket on skateboard.
9: Passengers wait on a platform for the arrival of a train.
9: Three zebras feeding on the grass on the field. 
9: A vintage photo of Jewish people getting on and off a passenger bus.
9: a woman in an orange jacket standing near a jacket
9: A double decker bus with advertising on the side 
9: A large clock on the top of a building.
9: The man is doing paperwork in bed with his dog on his lap.
9: Woman and man feeding giraffes behind a fence outside.
9: A large glass jar sitting on a table .
9: Two zebras standing in the sand, eating hay.
9: A baseball player pointing his bat next to home plate.
9: a small girl sitting on a chair holding a white bear
9: A guy reclined on a love seat holding out his hand.
9: A man sits on the beach next to his surfboard.
9: A baseball player finishes a swing for a pitch.
9: A horse drawn carriage is traveling down the street.
9: A very large red fire truck sitting on top of green grass.
9: A woman wearing jeans leans against a concrete wall. 
9: Four different slices of cake on a paper plate with a plastic spoon
9: A person stands with a bat about to hit a ball.
9: A man with a large tatoo on his back holding a yellow Frisbee.
9: Two bags of garbage sitting in the bowl of a toilet.
9: A messy couch with coffee table, bookshelf and lamp.
9: Black and white photo of old man playing an accordian while sitting in a folding chair in front of a short brick wall with a wrought-iron fence next to a bike rack.
9: A close up a ice cream sundae with a person in the background.
9: A large truck is stacked with cut wooden logs.
9: A baseball player practicing on a baseball field during the day.
9: Group of brown bears in a zoo habitat
9: a woman standing over a pot holding a plate of food
9: Two men standing in front of a TV playing with a Wii. 
9: A man is walking with luggage alongside a train at a train station.
9: Two pepperoni pizzas on a white plate each.
9: A kitty cat looks up from a desk, near a keyboard.
9: A pizza sits in a pan on a counter. 
9: A man is carrying a surfboard over still waters.
9: A person is at the park with a red frisbee.
9: The surfers balances the surfboard on his head while he walks.
9: A bunch of plates that are sitting on a table.
9: Person cutting the cake surrounded by liquor bottles
9: A desk with a keyboard, mouse and a laptop.
9: A shot of the top of the entrance to Grand Central Station
9: a pizza covered with tomatoes, hame and tomatoes
9: A Chinese street showing business signs hanging over the store fronts.
9: A mirror mounted on a wall in a small bathroom.
9: A young woman scratches her butt under her dress on the tennis court.
9: Some sort of food sitting on a table. 
9: A bartender pouring multiple glasses of red wine.
9: Sheep wearing jackets in an enclosure in winter.
9: A couple sits on a park bench and looks at the water.
9: There is a man on skis in the snow.
9: an image of a plane taking off from an airport
9: some motorcycles parked on a sidewalk by some cars 
9: A bunch of people that are holding wine glasses.
9: There is a plate of tofu and vegetables in a curry sauce.
9: A dog on a baseball field playing with a baseball bat.
9: a person is up on top of an elephant
9: A small elephant shaped figure on a table.
9: A well dressed couple who are utilizing cell phones.
9: A hot dog with chili and cheese in a container on a shelf
9: Two ducks walk across a parking lot in front of some cars.
9: A man wearing a neck tie and a blue shirt.
9: A long haired cat staring in to a camera. 
9: a person riding a horse beside some trees 
9: The woman is smiling because she is enjoying her food.
9: Geese walking in a parking lot with parked cars.
9: THERE IS A SHIRT THAT IS ON THE BED 
9: There is a man playing a video game.
9: A bird that is sitting on a rope by some trees.
9: A train stopped in a station with people walking towards it with luggage. 
9: A dog sitting on top of a blanket.
9: Empty Asian city bus stopped on a hill.
9: Little girl laughing and holding a pan of food 
9: a road busy with some people on bikes and some kids walking 
9: 8 glasses of wine sitting on numbered papers
9: A beautiful building with alit up clock and snow on the ground
9: Two hot dogs on a plate on a table.
9: Greens, a couple pieces of fruit, blended into a green smoothie.

9: A woman sits on the edge of a purple bed that has a black canopy.
9: A two story bus is parked on the side of a street. 
9: A couple of men sitting on a bench next to a harbor.
9: a person snowboarding down part of a residential street
9: Congested traffic, motor scooters, cows and people on a city street
9: a kite with a long tail is flying in the air
9: some people are loading a surfboard onto a motorcycle
9: A blank caution street sign next to a dirt road.
9: A person in a buggy drawn by a horse.
9: A small regional jet pulls to a gate at an airport.
9: A man playing lawn tennis with a woman outside on a patio.
9: A little girl enjoying a sweet confection and awaiting a sugar rush.
9: A very close up view of some scissors and markers.
9: Ducks in a pond swimming during the day.
9: A local celebrity rides through the town on a decked out horse as a person holds a golden umbrella above his head. 
9: Two hot dogs sitting in a box covered in tomatoes and mustard.
9: Three adult giraffe roaming a tall grassy area.
9: Several people are standing in the flatbed of a truck during a parade.
9: A man covering his eyes while standing next to multiple boxes filled with bananas.
9: A train stops at a platform at nighttime.
9: A woman putting food into a paper sack 
9: An old propeller war plane flying in the sky.
9: A gray haired woman talking on a cell phone.
9: A man running and reaching to catch a frisbee on the beach.
9: A young girl who is raising her left arm in the air.
9: A man and woman riding on a red motorcycle together, with no helmets and other bikes riding behind them.
9: The kitchen is clean and it's ready to be used. 
9: A television on the wall above two urinals.  
9: A tree-lined city street with car and motorcycle traffic. 
9: A modern neutral bathroom adds charm and a spa environment.
9: A street light in front of a building.
9: A metal container with flowers in it rests on a tabletop next to a matching bowl. 
9: A white cat curled up on a zebra striped floor rug
9: A thick crust cut pizza on a plate with wine by its side.
9: A group of people relaxing in the grass on a sunny day.
9: A stop sign by a cross roads on the roads.
9: A porkchop with penne pasta and broccoli on a dinner plate.
9: a person riding a bicycle near a river of water
9: A red and white bullet train pulling into a station.
9: Two polar bears putting their faces close to each other. 
9: a number of small boats in a large body of water
9: A teenage boy hugging an older woman in a kitchen.
9: In the distance between two buildings stands a clock tower. 
9: A train sits near a green mountain on a cloudy day.
9: Some fire fighters standing by a fire truck
9: A cat sits on the seat of a motorized scooter. 
9: Great cat Walkingfern of a white base with different color flowers in it. 
9: We are looking at a clock tower on an old animal.
9: a dog looking at another dog playing on the beach
9: a light brown cat laying on a bed
9: Two zebras stand side by side and sniff the ground with their noses.
9: A meal is on a plate sitting on a table.
9: Two people at a fast food restaurant preparing food.
9: A man swinging at a tennis ball with a tennis racket.
9: A herd of cows drink out of a stream.
9: bullet train parked at the station under a roof
9: A large red chair has a horse statue on it.
9: A bowl with vegetables and lemons in it.
9: A bunch of cops are sitting and eating at a table
9: There are two clocks on the sides of the building . 
9: What has attracted this many birds to the plaza?
9: A birthday cake shaped like a wrestling ring.
9: A baseball player tightens his gloves before the next pitch.
9: A cat sitting inside of a black bag next to a wall.
9: The tall clock tower has an American flag on top.
9: Two vases with crochet covers sitting in a window sill.
9: a woman leaning forward while reaching out for a frisbee
9: A cruise ship sits out in the water while a large grey building sits in background.
9: some zebras are walking in a grassy field
9: Plated salad and toast with a side of coffee and water
9: a boy with a blue shirt and blue plate and a hotdog
9: A cat looking up towards the ceiling in front of a window with broken blinds.
9: A yellow pen on top of a closed lap top computer.
9: A young boy looking at his birthday pizza.
9: A seagull alone on a sandy beach watches the photographer.
9: A woman between two men in tuxedos, all standing at a bar.
9: A picnic table is loaded with food and drinks.
9: A woman taking a horse and carriage ride.
9: A stop sign is shown with stickers stuck on it.
9: A boy snowboarding down a hill with onlookers and a man in the foreground.
9: A Dell laptop on a desk is surrounded by cords, books, and papers.
9: Two street signs up against an older building on a street.
9: A snow covered hill with a bird house.
9: a snack tray with fruit nuts and bread on it
9: A herd of zebra in dry vegetation near dry trees.
9: A man is sitting on top of an elephant in the water.
9: A  crane on a construction site near water 
9: a bunch of orange cones sitting in the road 
9: A group of skiers going down a snow covered hill next to the ski lift.
9:  A motorcycle sitting on the tar, with other bikes behind it.
9: A clutter bookshelf with a microwave to the side. 
9: A cat sprawls out and sleeps on its back on a lounge chair with an acorn theme.
9: a fancy black motorcycle sitting on the sidewalk
9: Two kids swinging baseball bats while another one jumps back.
9: A white plate with fish sticks on bread
9: The cowboy is herding the cattle into a group.
9: Three royal mounted guardsmen riding across a field.
9: A person standing in the middle of the road with a skateboard.
9: Two remote controls are sitting on a couch cushion.
9: Two baby giraffes sitting down by a pile of hay.
9: a zebra walking through a natural looking habitat.
9: a group of people gathered around an old dirty vintage motorcycle
9: A bench sitting on concrete in front of a lake with boats in the lake 
9: A young man making a statement in a public room.
9: a group of people sitting at a restaurant table
9: A lady with a kite walking on a long wooden bridge.
9: Many elephants walking through high grass in front of tree's.
9: A person surfing in the ocean on a sunny day.
9: A person riding a bicycle toward a stop sign.
9: A man is posing next to his bike on a brick sidewalk, and a green van is parked out in the street next to him.
9: A man getting ready to serve a tennis ball.
9: a close up of a small bird on a small flower 
9: A young man prepare to pitch in a game of baseball.
9: A person reaching over the fence feeding a giraffe at a zoo.
9: A group of people in street area with a kite in sky.
9: A delivery truck traveling down a street next to a stop sign.
9: A man and boy standing on skis on a snowy field.
9: People flying flags and kites in a courtyard.
9: A panda bear eating bamboo in a wooded area.
9: A woman playing tug of war with a frisbee and a dog.
9: Trains on the tracks near a lot of buildings.
9: A street sign near a road with a truck passing by. 
9: Large clock sitting on the side of a wall towards the ceiling.
9: A baby bear walks along the road near the edge of the forest.
9: A group of kids getting ready to snowboard. 
9: A cooked dish of ocra and other vegitables.
9: a baby horse stands next to an adult horse 
9: A train is moving down the train track.
9: People skiing down a mountain made of artificial snow.
9: A woman in red sneakers is playing tennis.
9: A travel bus on a street in a tropical town.
9: A bathroom with a toilet and sink, nicely tiled.
9: A wooden outhouse sitting in the grass near trees.
9: some people on some sand and one is carrying a white board
9: The young man is making a cel phone call from a boat.
9: A man next to a bicycle is changing his outfit by the road.
9: A fire hydrant stands on the sidewalk in between two poles.
9: A woman in a bodysuit holding a surfboard posing for a picture.
9: Brown and white cat sitting on the ledge of a window. 
9: Toilet bowls in a public bathroom with a sign behind it
9: A painting shows trucks holding logs travelling on a country road.
9: A chicken and sheep with decorated chairs and tables.
9: A display of shoes and umbrellas are in a window.
9: Group of paddle boats tied up alongside a pear on the water. 
9: A bird perched on a branch in a forest.
9: a plate with some meat and veggies like carrots and broccoli
9: A bunch of stuffed animals sitting on top of Christmas decor
9: Man in a suit jacket and hat holding a croquet mallet.
9: an image of plane about to take off in the air
9: Close up of an hors d'oeuvre on a plate.
9: A yellow bird is sitting on a tree branch.
9: Two motorcycles parked near a building with some people outside.
9: A female cross country skier navigates a forest trail
9: The laptop and the plant are the only items on the homemade dining table.
9: A four faced clock a top a stone column in  a parking area.
9: Looking down at the action on a baseball field during a game
9: A group of children are skiing on the snow.
9: Two motorcycles with two passengers each stopped in the road
9: Close up photo of a plate of food with two plates behind it.
9: A woman is sitting in a corner talking on the telephone.
9: a back pack on a chair  and a person sitting next to it
9: A man swinging his bat as another man holds his glove.
9: Giraffes graze on low shrubs under a cloudy sky.
9: A woman boarding a bus in a Chinese city.
9: A snow boarder doing tricks in the air while the ski lift operates in the background.
9: a little cupcake with little beach decorations on the top of it 
9: a grassy field with a solitary horse in the distance.
9: Two toasted sandwiches with tomatoes are seen here.
9: A baseball player is up to bat while the crowd films the event.
9: an image of a tennis player hitting the ball with a racket
9: Big bean bag seats under an umbrella on the shore of the beach.
9: a dock is near a bridge over a river
9: A group of parked motorcycles sitting on top of a garage floor.
9: A boy holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court 
9: Pedestrians standing outside a train station waiting for the train. 
9: A kitchen with a sink, cutting board and refrigerator.
9: Two plates with food sitting on a table
9: A sandwich loaded with cheese and other toppings. 
9: A train running along gravelly tracks on an overcast day
9: A stack of pillows on a hotel bed

9: A chain link fence contains a building and rubbish. 
9: A bus is stopped along a street with no passengers waiting to board.
9: A bus driving down a city street next to a bunch of bicycles.
9: This room has a table which has a basket on it.
9: a green clock sitting on the side of the road near the side walk 
9: A toddler standing at an outside table eating cake
9: A bunch of people at a table filled with wine glasses.
9: The street signs and traffic signal are below wires attached to the pole.
9: Two zebras are looking at the plants on the ground.
9: A roadway at night with an overpass walkway above the road.
9: A traffic light hanging in front of blossoming trees.
9: Two baseball players one catching the ball the other sliding into base
9: An Indian man and woman in the water on the edge of a river.
9: A couple of men sitting next to each other at a table.
9: A bus on the street with a lot of cars.
9: Folks enjoying a meal in outdoor setting with a beautiful view
9: Two men both fighting over a white frisbee. 
9: A cat sits atop a night stand next to a bike.
9: A row of tractor trailer cabs is lined up  
9: A small bridge with a memorial sign on it
9: Two people wearing fine clothes, one holding an umbrella.
9: Two donuts are on a plate near a cup of coffee.
9: A man sits on the hood of a car using a cell phone.
9: A group of people are watching a band as one girl in the crowd takes a picture with her camera.
9: two small children sit next to each other 
9: A group of people standing on top of a sky slope.
9: A young newly married couple cut their wedding cake.
9: A picture of some bicycles that are by building.
9: A black and white picture of boys and girls at a young age. 
9: Two frisbees lie on an asphalt street by the curb.
9: a zebra stands in front of a big tree 
9: A woman is holding a video gaming controller
9: A woman in glasses taking a bite of a chili dog.
9: A box of uneaten pizza amid a mess.
9: Several giraffes that are together in an enclosure.
9: The other side of the track at a train station is under construction.
9: a plate full of chips and sandwiches on the table
9: Zebra and giraffe at a zoo in a cage. 
9: A young boy in Harry Potter round glasses and tie.
9: Two army vehicles sit on a patch of grass. 
9: Commuter train moving through residential area over railroad crossing.
9: The air plane is taking off from the runway at the airport. 
9: There is a sandwich sitting on the plate.
9: A white sign sitting on the side of a road near a fire hydrant.
9: Three chairs sitting in a room near a mirror.
9: A quilt covered bed has a teddy bear on it.
9: A sign tells of tomato jam being served
9: This video game has a Wii device and instructions.
9: Three men that are sitting around a table.
9: The living room has a couch, a table, and an entertainment center with a television.
9: a big yellow bus that is parked by a building
9: street signs for Lynn street and Bigelow Avenue
9: A mother bird is feeding one of her babies while the other babies wait nearby.  
9: A women who is sitting on some rocks on her cell phone.
9: A clock tower in the middle of a street that appears old.
9: Four horses standing by a barbed wire fence.
9: a cow stands in the grassy area of a yard 
9: Soigo'd is soccer player number 8 preparing to kick a soccer ball.
9: A tennis player leaps back to catch the ball during a match
9: a stuffed animal decoration hanging on a wall
9: A young girl running along a sandy beach while holding a kite.
9: A large truck has a flat bed trailer attached
9: The washer and dryer are in the kitchen.
9: Cross country skiers are engaged in a race.
9: There is a laptop on a crowded desk.
9: A delicious bite of fruits and vegetables on a fork.
9: A baseball player holding a baseball bat during a baseball game.
9: A bird with many colors and orange legs perches on a branch.
9: There are two cats laying together on the couch.
9: A little girl in a rocking chair holding a teddy bear.
9: A woman wearing a head covering talking on a cell phone.
9: a girl looking in the mirror brushing her teeth
9: A boy points a toy gun at the stuffed bear he is sitting on.  
9: A suitcase on it's side with a Gladiator DVD on it.
9: A woman standing near the wall is making a call on a cellphone.
9: a large kite that is being flown in the sky
9: Two people are leaning against a motor coach.
9: Two giraffes in a field feeding on trees. 
9: A boy looking up at a colorful kite.
9: Farm animals on snowy pasturage with trees and fencing.
9: A girl walking on the sidewalk at night.
9: A herd of elephants  being herded into a river while tourists take photos.
9: some shelves filled with bowls and cups 
9: a person standing in front of a counter top and a tall pile of food
9: People are standing in a kitchen with solo cups as one person pours a drink.
9: two people riding motorcycles near one another 
9: A man playing a video game on the Wii.
9: A cat sits with its' paw on the keyboard of the computer.
9: Two elephants walk through a grassy area with trees.
9: A mirror in front of a large glass window displays a bathroom.
9: A young boy holds a kite in a grassy park. 
9: An overhead view of a lot containing many parked, empty buses.
9: a person looking at her laptop while cooking
9: A woman tends to a tea kettle that sits on a kitchen stove.
9: 2  large giraffes eating from a gated tree
9: The man in blue appears to be assisting the gentleman in the black over the computer. 
9: A line of outdoor benches are covered in snow. 
9: A laptop computer sitting on top of a wooden desk.
9: Toy teddy bear holding a camera in its lap.
9: A red and yellow commuter train pulling into a station.
9: Three teddy bears sitting next to each other having a cup of tea.
9: Two trains at station near group of people on platform.
9: an image with a person holding an umbrella
9: A persons shadow next to a wall clock.
9: A wooden shelf with a record player and radio. 
9: a stove is built into a kitchen counter top
9: A pair of shoes that are next to a skateboard.
9: A woman standing next to a man while holding a frisbee.
9: An all-white bathroom with a light fixture and small mirror above a sink
9: A motor bike parked on the side of the street.
9: A woman and a young girl sit on a bed eating bananas. 
9: a large jet airplane flying in the sky
9: A plate with fruit and vegetable in the shape of a smiley face.
9: A sign on a pole on a city street.
9: A tennis player is reaching her racket far into a swing.
9: A man balances on one end of a skateboard.
9: A person is holding a pnk and black object.
9: A city bus is parked on the far side of an empty city street.
9: The cityscape includes skyscrapers and building with a clock in the background. 
9: A cat sitting inside a sink in a bathroom 
9: a close up of a zebra behind a fence 
9: A long sandwich and a drink are sitting on the wrapper.
9: The man holding a cell phone smiles next to a statue.
9: a giraffe standing in dead grass with trees in the background
9: Baseball players react to a player hitting the ball.
9: A collection of teddy bears with purple and pink attire is displayed.
9: A giraffe has full neck extended and is standing beneath a tree.
9: A raw pizza with red peppers and cheese is on the counter.
9: a  brown cow reaching for a tree limb
9: A train on tracks in a train station next to a platform.
9: A brown bench sits in front of an old white building.
9: This is a large bathroom with white tiles and a large sink
9: a male skateboarder is doing a skateboard trick
9: A baseball player at home plate ready to bat
9: a herd of sheep with orange spots on their backs 
9: A cat drinking water from a bathroom sink.
9: A flock of birds flies in formation to migrate.
9: a giraffe that is standing over some trees
9: A woman standing in front of a tv holding a remote.
9: Rice is served with vegetables and fruit. 
9: A long tub lies in an abandoned room.
9: A person sitting on as bench with a backpack.
9: A number of motorbikes and cars parked in the field
9: A man on a motorcycle riding past a herd of cows.
9: Ingredients for a sandwich sit on a plate.
9: A woman walking down a street holding an umbrella.
9: A clock hanging off the side of building.
9: Looking up at elephants in an enclosure at the zoo
9: An egg dish with tomato,green beans, and broccoli.
9: a fire hydrant next to an exposed pipe in patch of shrubbery next to a street
9: A bunch of bikes and motorcycles are parked on the side of a road.
9: A woman with a painted face eating a hot dog.
9: One white and red plane and one grey plane on the ground
9: A vase with flowers and figurines sitting on a shelf. 
9: Another day at school to learn with Nintendo Wii programs.
9: Tow men in front of a screen hit a gong.
9: A woman holds an umbrella in the rain. 
9: Two tooth brushes, both unopened, and some toothpaste.
9: A tray with a cup of coffee and some bread on it.
9: A blue snowboard laying on the side of a mountain.
9: A large group of people waiting for the city bus.
9: A woman with her dog are seated on a bench.
9: Two woman in the kitchen, one has the refrigerator door open.
9: A game of professional baseball is being played.
9: A group of people go surfing together in the water. 
9: A man on a skateboard near a ramp. 
9: A black cat that has fallen asleep on a piece of luggage.
9: A big pink cake that has had a big piece cut off of it. 
9: Two snowboarders ride the ski lift to the top of the mountain. 
9: A street sign and two traffic lights hang over US Route 1.
9: The wood carving is a bird on a limb.
9: A man staring with an orange tie on. 
9: a orange cat sitting on a half rotted wooden bench
9: A steel bench overlooks a flooded swamp like area.
9: A clock that is hanging on a wall above a window.
9: Lots of people in the water and 2 people in a kayak.
9: A young man is doing a trick on a skateboard.
9: A No Parking sign sits inside of a room.
9: A black and white photo of a man riding his motorcycle.
9: A bathroom with some dividing walls between urinals.
9: A girl swinging a tennis racquet on a court.
9:  A woman holding a large pizza in a dark room.
9: This is a man riding an off road skateboard with people flying kites in the background.
9: A group of people playing frisbee at the park
9: A room with a table, chest and microwave in it.
9: a black refrigerator and two gray refrigerators with papers on them
9: Two dogs on a leash playing on the shore and in the water of a lake.
9: Many people with rackets stand on a court
9: A small elephant made of stone sitting beside a vase.
9: A couple of stuffed animals sitting on a park bench
9: A beautiful woman laying in bed on top of a my little pony pillow.
9: A bus that has a bike on the front of it.
9: Long horn steer in standing in a cattle lot.
9: A woman is preparing a blender on a counter.
9: Two girls are holding a beach umbrella on the sand.
9: there are many fruits sitting next to a cutting board
9: many different buildings near one another near trees
9: A cat stretched out in a suitcase with his eyes close. 
9: a man on a skateboard that is on a ramp
9: A large piece of equipment is parked next to a building.
9: Two men are sitting at an intersection on motorcycles.
9: Two people riding skis at a ski slope
9: A tractor trailer vehicle drives on an abandoned highway.
9: A Wii console is on a table next to a lamp.
9: Birds are eating bananas from an outdoor bird feeder.
9: an image filled with various street signs and stop signs
9: A train entrance with two doors and a yellow pole.
9: A small giraffe putting it's face toward a large giraffe.
9: The airplane is at the gate at an airport.
9: A man rides an elephant that has a chain wrapped around his foot in a water way.
9: a bathroom with three toilets and a big sink
9: a man holding a colorful surfboard going towards the ocean 
9: A bright orange flower sits in a blue vase.
9: Sliced pizza on service platter ready for consumption.
9: A bed with a scene of a carnival on the sheets.
9: A variety of dogs play in a field with a frisbee
9: A girl wearing a hat sits with her laptop.
9: this is a plate with food and forks in a table
9: a couple of sheep standing on some grass 
9: Man outside along road with truck and dog.
9: The stop sign is laying over on the mailboxes.
9: A man driving a horse carriage on a city street.
9: A woman throwing a red flying disk in a field.
9: baseball player knealing on the field in orange shirt
9: A baseball player at bat with the catcher and umpire behind him.
9: a man jogging on a rocky beach with his surfboard
9: A construction area takes up part of a city street.
9: A toilet sits in a small space, with equipment overhead.
9: A tennis player hits the tennis ball on the court
9: A parking machine that is next to a car.
9: A woman surfer smiles as she rides the waves.
9: Wistful look on a young fellow dressed in blue shirt and tie.
9: A woman serves the ball during a tennis match.
9: A man in a sits with a shaft of light falling across his face.
9: A cow standing in a field near some trees.
9: A man and woman sitting together on a bench.
9: A very cool looking old style bus in a field.
9: a couple of ladies that have some doughnuts
9: Two stuffed teddy bears hanging from a rear view mirror.
9: A man riding a surfboard on top of a wave.
9: A woman with a racquet that is on a tennis court.
9: Two zebras walking in dirt while fenced in. 
9: a bicyclist rests on a bike on an empty highway with two horses walking alone up the street 
9: a bunch of horses are walking down the road
9: a close up of a train at a platform with its doors open
9: A person who is windsurfing in mid jump.
9: A pottery vessel in the form of a giraffe.
9: A large pizza with meat and vegetables on a table.
9: A lone boats sits on a lake that is adorned with mountainous reflections.
9: People with umbrellas file across a crossing two by two.
9: Two white buses parked next to each other in front of a church.
9: A man sitting on a bench in a busy city.
9: A train that is traveling down railroad tracks.
9: A boy who is skateboarding does a trick. 
9: A boy is riding on his skateboard while turned and looking behind him.
9: A dog is in the air with a frisbee in its mouth
9: A desk holds several computers and a few balloons.  
9: an image of a broken toilet thrown in the bushes
9: A man and woman posing for a picture in a sports bar.
9: A person is under a clear sky flying a rainbow kite. 
9: Two plates of toasted bread, a cup of coffee and a bowl of cereal and fruits. 
9: A black cat is looking away from a picture.
9: A group of baseball players standing next to each other on top of a field.
9: Two men wear red capes and blindfolds and one man smells a glass of wine.
9: a big building with a clock built into the top 
9: Trucks and cars parked in deep snow in a rural setting.
9: a youth football team stand together on some grass 
9: A ram stands on a steep, rocky hill.
9: Bananas and coconuts are sitting on an old fruit stand.
9: Two people holding up a small white teddy bear. 
9: A man jumping up to catch a frisbee on  the beach.
9: Clouds soar above a tall building on a sunny day.
9: An abandoned bus on the sid eof the rode
9: Woman getting ready to hit a ball on a grass court.
9: several seagulls in the water picking at themselves 
9: a dog relaxing on a deck with wine bottles
9: There is a person that is cutting food
9: An empty refrigerator with its door open in a house.
9: A dog and cat laying together on a chair 
9: The elderly woman uses a video game remote near her companion.
9: Cows grazing in a field with rocks in the background.
9: A bus and a few cars are riding in the rain.
9: A large black bear standing in a dirt field.
9: A stop sign that is next to some plants.
9: A cat laying in front of a bathroom mirror.
9: A crowd of people standing on top of a field flying colorful kites.
9: a coach and table in a living room area
9: A woman and two children sitting at a table eating pizza.
9: A pizza, with a saucy and leafy topping, on a plate on a dark brown table.
9: A clean kitchen contains a refrigerator and a marble counter top with an embedded sink.  
9: A surfer riding on a wave on a board.
9: A large dump truck at a construction site 
9: The light is red at the empty intersection.
9: Adult playing game of golf in wooded park area.
9: The umpire calls a play during a baseball game
9:  A man sleeping in a bed with two cats.
9: Group of people laying down next to each other on top of the bed. 
9: Two children looking over a  large birthday cake
9: A pair of wine glasses next to a bottle of win
9: Two people standing next to each other in a kitchen.
9: A ship is on land near water, next to a playground.
9: a baby standing in a field while people behind fly kites
9: a young woman is waiting in the rain
9: A couple of guys standing outside of a truck.
9: A long sausage in a tray on a dining table.
9: A man flying through the air while riding a snowboard.
9: People sit while another man takes a photo.
9: Metal commode from above, photographer's shoes visible. 
9: A baby elephant is seen at the water with two larger elephants.
9: a small public bus with signs all over it
9: a full bowl of beef and broccoli with a spoon
9: A married couple is in front of a wedding cake getting ready to cut it.
9: A snowboarder with an olympic jacket is in midair.
9: A group of people look at the dark green motorcycle parked on the grass.
9: A person standing on skies in the snow on top of a mountain.
9: A cow stands in a green meadow with flowers and a stone house.
9: A man that is kneeling in the grass near a horse.
9: A zebra standing and  eating in a fenced area
9: A man on his cell phone walking past benches in a city
9: Traveler's luggage lined up with identification tags visible
9: A group of people sitting around a table with food and drink.
9: Several people are smiling while one holds a birthday cake.
9: A dog sleeps on a round bed in front of a fire place of a living area.
9: A dog sniffing a pizza on a pizza pan 
9: A dog shows aggression by baring his teeth to another dog.
9: A long sub sandwhich with salomi and cheese.
9: A woman holds her hands out to catch a frisbee
9: A man is standing on a tennis court ready to play.
9: A orange, yellow, and black engine car is on the tracks.
9: A black and white bird stands in the water.
9: A man and a boy standing in the snow with their snowboards.
